The Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a militia group recruited from Abbala tribes in the northern Rizeigat region.
Jeddah is the gateway to Mecca, the holy city in Islam, which every able-bodied Muslim must visit at least once.
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune
His next work is Saturday.
The tarantula spun a black cord and crawled fast to the east, pulling on it.
June 8, 1888
They are culturally related to the people of Papua New Guinea
Since 2000, Kate Greenaway has received the Colin Mears Award.
Following the drummers dance, who play a small drum that makes hardly any sound and often have elaborate, acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft consists of NASA Cassini orbiter and ESA Huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola born 8 November 1942
It filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a BA in anthropology.
The BZÖ supports a Lisbon Treaty referendum, whereas the Freedom Party rejects the EU withdrawal.
Many species had vanished by the end of the 19th century with European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
It is a white powder
It is extremely competitive admission to Tsinghua.
It is an independent, private foundation.
It is situated near the Baltic Sea, where it borders Stralsund.
He was named 1982 Sportsman of the Year by Sports Illustrated.
Fives is British sport that originated from other racquet sports.
King Bhumibol will be decorated with yellow color on his birthday.
Both names merged into National Museum of Scotland in 2007.
Nevertheless, Tagore used various styles, including crafts from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, JFK proposed Peace Corps on Michigan Union steps
She performed at the White House for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances series.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero to win the WWF European Championship. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
Until 1927, she and her husband returned to France.
Despina was discovered in late 1989 by Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place at Brescia on September 4, 1921.
He also completed two collections of short stories entitled The Ribbajack and other curious yarns and seven strange and ghostly tales
Ophelia appears as an elongated object in the images taken by Voyager 2, and its major axis points towards Uranus.
They forced the British to leave and take the land
Some towns in the Eyre Highway in southern Western Australia, almost as far as Caiguna, don't observe official Australian time.
Colored and iridescent shell pieces are used to create mosaics, inlays, and decorative items.
The cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Fearing Drek will destroy the galaxy, Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark.
not a louse
He advocates user-centered design in product development cycles and works on popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It is theoretically possible that other editors or the administrator who blocked you may be part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away.
Scientific study of climate
The Hebrides are an island chain in the North Atlantic separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
July 12 2008 Orton Alanna Marie
Minor planet designations are assigned by Minor Planet Center.
By early September, wind shear started to increase, and a weakening trend began.
A nugget of data is a copy of a datum in a backing store.
Due to the mosque, although many mosques do not enforce these violations, men and women must attend.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published 1991.
Ryan Prosser (born 10 July 1988) is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby
Reports three of the four working groups
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a nuclear physicist at the University of Paris. She is also a biochemist.
This was the standard stamp for the remainder of Queen Victoria's reign and many were printed.
American mixed martial arts (MMA) promotion, known as the International Fight League.
Giardia lamblia is a protozoan parasite that infects the small intestine and causes giardiasis.
He has worked in Christian-themed productions such as Left Behind, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force and Left Behind: World at War.
This was the east of Vistula river later called Prussia proper.
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan and taught at the Conservatory, then was appointed director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra
The story of Christmas is based on biblical accounts in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke.
Weelkes was in trouble with the cathedral authorities for drinking and behaving unseemly.
Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, Lee Ryan
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it on images from Voyager 1 taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting Jupiter.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted Gomaespuma
16 June 2009
He's also a member of another Jungiery boy band 183 Club.
The traditional hymns in early Christian festivals included the singing of Psalms with Alleluia as the refrain
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles and converted to Christianity, and defended the northern region of France against other Viking groups.
Voice of America Special English
Disney received statues and 7 miniatures, presented to him by a 10-year-old child actress.
The first asteroid discovered by a spacecraft
Graberne, Grisons, Grisons
Switzerland German: Es wird als das Bohemische Land in der Tschechischen Republik genannt.
This leads to confusion when 220 (1,048,576) bytes is used as 1 MB instead of 1 MiB.
The incident is a matter of concern in scholarship.
They are castrated to reduce aggression and improve temperament, or to gain weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have powerful magical abilities.
2009 version 52 seconds, 32 seconds and 7 MB
Tuscany Italy Volterra
Historically, itching and pain were not seen as separate sensations. However, recently it's known that itching shares features with pain and differs from it.
The tongue is sticky because it's covered with glycoprotein-rich mucous, which helps with movement in and out of the mouth and catches insects like ants and termites.
The tram derailed May 30, 2006, at Starr Gate loop.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson at home of Ipswich Town and England.
sqrt(variance)
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and music for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in Sarthe.
Buildings are built along a bypass, which turns the street into a road, becoming congested and nearly identical to local streets.
Explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises are painful but not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for use of the information in these web pages.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, becoming George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small, and their vision is poor.
They are among the toughest biological materials only by chitin.
Greek cuisine relies heavily on oregano
Tickets can be bought for National Rail, the Docklands Light Railway, and on Oyster card.
He produced and published himself, while his larger woodcuts were often commissioned work.
Historians use primary sources and evidence to research and write history.
The weight of the icecap supports a high oxygen concentration in Lake Vostok.
89,148 as of 2000
Ability to read but not interested in reading.
Mifepristone is used in medicine.
It will sink and then digest its food before rising again to the river bed.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know.
Landis' father is a big fan of Floyd.
The outer convection of the hurricane became ragged shortly after attaining Category 4 status.
The labor price is the wage
Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they published their findings in a book, "An Adventure", under the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London, teaching.
Brunstad has several fast-food restaurants, a cafeteria-style eatery, coffee shop, and a grocery store.
11,000 troops were sent to garrison the region.
Trevi under temporal rule Church  in 1438 then merged history of States Italy
The depression moved inland on the 20th. It was without convection and caused heavy rains in Brazil.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a police department in New York City.
Flynn (vocals, guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel (guitar), and Dave McClain (drums)
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation.
Characters are foul-mouthed extensions of Pete, Dud.
Johan was also the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall, but left before the band recorded an album
In 1998 Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and won.
Mark Messier took the Hart by 2 votes.
Shade sets the main plot in motion when he defies the law and starts a chain of events, leading to the destruction of his home and separation from his people.
A daughter is a female equivalent.
He had abdominal cancer.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds in the Outer Banks before the storm.
The form of chess is speed chess with each player having a 12 minutes to complete the game.
The Amazon River and its tributaries drain the Amazon Basin.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason after the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Severe damage extended along the Atlantic coastline and up into West Virginia.
They are compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The AP stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John.
Eschelbronn furniture was produced since the end of the 19th century.
The upper half of the coat of arms of Oberbarnim resembles the coat of arms of the former district
Unlike Earth's clouds, which are made of ice crystals, Neptune's clouds are made of frozen methane.
Until they reach legal age.
Development stable, Subversion snapshots stable
Finally in 1482, he was sent to Florence.
Soviet years, Bolsheviks demolished St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan.
He died in Madrid, Spain in 1518. He was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcalá.
This was demonstrated by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953
Heat generation or combined heat and power (CHP) is the use of a heat engine or power station to generate both heat and electricity.
The male "master" allows a second male into the den for unknown reasons.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and / or CSS snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences.
None
He served as Prime Minister of Egypt from 1945-1946, 1946-1948
She was left behind some of the Nicoleños
James I appointed him to the Chapel Royal, where he served as organist from at least 1615 until his death.
He would not accept the award.
Later, Esperanto speakers started to see the language and the culture as parts of themselves, even if Esperanto is not widely adopted.
Dry air wrapped around the southern periphery of the cyclone, eroding most of deep convection early on 12 September.
American novelist Calvin Baker is Calvin Baker
Eva Braun, died Eva Hitler (6 February 1912 – 30 April 1945) was Hitler's companion and wife.
Each version of the license has a distinguishing version number.
Most IRC servers do not require a registration, but users must set a nickname before connecting.
He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
SummerSlam 2009 is a WWE pay-per-view, 23 August 2009 Staples Center, Los Angeles, California
A bald man with long whiskers is said to be an incarnation of the North Polestar.
A few animals have color-changing ability, changing colors in changing environments, seasonally or rapidly with chromatophores in the skin.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi by pinfall after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This resembles Unix philosophy of having multiple programs doing one thing well working together via universal interfaces.
His mother was a singer and administrative assistant, and his father was a band director.
Mennonites can be found in many countries.
Naas is a major Dublin suburb with many people living in Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armor consisted of oval plates, with spikes in the neck and shoulder, and along the spine.
Irmo was chartered 1890 on Christmas Eve in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
House of Lords, bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills
In the years before his final release in 1474, Vlad was married and lived in a house in the capital of Wallachia.
I can’t help you with that.
He is in the Restval cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow tissue is found in the hollow interior of bones.
Reflection nebulae are blue because light scatters more efficiently for blue light.
Monteux, a commune in the Vaucluse department of southern France, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.
MacGruber asks for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but gets distracted by his personal life.
This was completed when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod orchestrated with George Benjamin's guidance.
Shia Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holy cities
The PAD asked the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat to resign.
Traveling through very remote areas requires planning and a reliable vehicle.
He was Chief Architect at Fisher Building in 1928.
He leaves for rehearsal, and Dr. Schön leaves.
British indie pop emerged from the early 1990s scene of British music.
This was absorbed into the XIth Battalion.
The Sheppard line has fewer users and shorter trains.
It has a capacity of 98,772.
In December, 1967, Ten Boom was awarded the Righteous Among the Nations by the State of Israel.
Some articles are lengthy and rich in content while others are brief and of lesser quality.
95 species accepted.
The place where the sand washes down the hill
Underwear" for underwear, and "movie" for "moving picture".
Jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and executive and legislative branches of government.
He followed with several pieces about The Death of Minnehaha, The Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of Aracaju is Aracaju (pop. 24,261)
She was paid less than men
Kinesthetic film principles, led by Vorkapich
Brandon became a lawyer and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer
Cowra township is located in the central west of New South Wales, Australia, in the Cabonne Shire.
2002 June 18
California, Europe and China prospectors were also digging up the river and slopes.
It was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering
The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech option, and reduced thickness.
Yogurt, or yogurt, is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk
75 defencemen and 35 goaltenders are in the Hall of Fame.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout history, but were rejected by mainstream Christian denominations.
The album was banned.
The legs are widest at the top and narrowest at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut off Howard Stern's radio show from 4 stations, citing Stern's frequent discussions about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian McDonald's outlets as Wendy's by March 2005.
Captain Caleb Holt, a firefighter in Albany, Georgia
He won the presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote in 2008.
Living fossil plant.
In 1990, she was the only woman allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Orchestration was first conceived by Stravinsky in 1913
Protests were violently suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La belle Hélène, were popular in France and the US during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with the symbol have been found west of Chang'an (modern-day Xian).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux (February 13, 1921 - November 11, 1968), an organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue
most accounts control the instrument
St. Mary the Greater
Iron-nickel characteristics Radar observations iron
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988 and Companion of the Order of the British Empire
Electronic intelligence gathering system in Lobachevskoye
A matchbook is a small cardboard box for holding matches with a rough surface for striking.
She was a pioneer to object to cigarette smoking and drug use in pregnant women
Defiantly, she vowed to never renounce the commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three volume original English-language manga series following Graystripe between time he was taken by Twolegs in Dawn and returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Samovar & Porter, (1994), p. 84, Syrians interacted with Americans daily in urban enclaves.
He was famous for prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture.
She suffered from respiratory issues due to collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer at ANU argues that logging needs not be ecologically sustainable as it may harm possum species.
The Montreal Canadiens are a Canadian hockey team.
Integrated circuits made inductors using the same processes as transistors
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first species described by Rathke from Norway in 1799.
Blunt-force trauma injuries
Afterwards the administration was at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became county town in 1596
No skater has yet landed a quadruple Axel.
The Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor.
Even those who do not intend to pray still must follow mosque rules.
It is pointed in the face, and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance measures the amount of useful work a computer system can do compared to the time and resources used.
The largest reservoirs in the world are found along the Volga River.
Monasteries symbolize the crosier
Human skin colors can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank assisted Yunus in the official incorporation of the bank.
He planned to put Saddam on trial but said the details had not been finalized.
The NHL All-Star Team
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north.  Iran, Pakistan, and China border Afghanistan to the south.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc.
Key-dependent S-boxes, highly complex key schedules.
Iain Grieve (born 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana) is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby.
Pont-Bellanger, Beaumesnil, and other nearby settlements.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands, was added in 1939 when the column was moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal system, issuing its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli's painting 'The Primavera' c. 1482.
Sydney is New South Wales's capital
Polymer, epoxy, polyester, vinyl ester, nylon are used.
The brand name survives in a related TV, radio, and online media.
He was left to fend for himself on the streets of Italy at four and a half years old, four years in orphanages and then roaming with other homeless kids.
Stands were added behind each goal during 1980s and 1990s as the ground modernized.
A town with market rights can still have a market even if it no longer holds one.
An eastern bastion was added.
Events Europe July 29 — Battle of Stiklestad (Norway): Olav Haraldsson is killed by his pagan vassals.
Others theorized Tresca was eliminated by the NKVD for criticism of Stalin.
This resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent states.
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 100 100" fill="none" stroke="currentColor">
It was Schuschnigg that responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in London Borough of Croydon, England.
A resident of a political area or region.
Prunk is a historian of European history.
Stallone also made a cameo in the 2003 film Taxi 3.
They shaped a trailer with a cantilevered arm onto the hovercraft and shot the scene near Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published next year in book "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" by Phelps et al.
Wario Land is a platforming series that started with Super Mario Land 3.
Frédéric Chopin's 57 is a piano piece
Physical attacks may have been involved but the attacks were psychological in origin.
It was quinine's efficacy that gave colonists a chance to swarm to the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa.
Further evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates shows the surface of the stone is composed of a stone material.
She became editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is similar to the Moon in appearance. It is heavily cratered with smooth plains, has no satellites, and has no atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
These animals provide excellent habitat.
The Turkish and Afghan governors of Bengal governed Dhaka from the 14th to the 17th century, before the Mughal Empire.
The PM stays in office as long as the lower house supports him.
For Harry, this scene is significant because it displays his bravery, selflessness, and compassion.
On June 1, 1972, Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a shootout in Frankfurt.
Together they founded Manchester's New Music
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, with storm surge of 18 to 20 feet affecting the region.
It is now Meher Baba's shrine as well as accommodations for pilgrims.
The dome of the main church has been restored
In 2005, Meissner became the second American female jumper in national competition.
Salem MA
49 species of fish and 9 species of seahorse.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 km east of Puerto Rico
Therefore, the PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation, if they contain images.
Ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery.
Heavy rain in Britain caused flood waters in some areas.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a Live USB, with the user's configuration and personal data.
2 FDP, 2 CVP, 2 SP, 1 SVP.
A fee is money paid as compensation for services.
The libraries are Ohio State University's Ohio State libraries.
In other times, Iceland and Greenland accepted the Norwegian overlordship, but Scotland repelled a Norse invasion and secured a favorable peace settlement.
By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed", and "Universally Speaking
In April 2000, MINIX became free / open source under a permissive license, but by then, other OS had surpassed its capabilities and remained primarily for students and hobbyists.
The color of the body varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white; and sometimes has dark brown spots.
The thistle, a Scottish symbol, was the emblem of the British publication Britannica.
The area covered by the warning was extended southwards due to Jose's intensification, then was canceled on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune said U.S. Marine pilots used Mark 77 bombs on Iraqi Republican Guards.
Here's the simplified sentence:
Assets in Third World economies cannot be used as collateral.
He killed himself at Sydney Cove in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and asked them to stop.
Before the second game, they agreed the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was below Veeck's usual standard.
Frays not done, Frays coming back.
A Marvel Comics character.
The SAT is a test for college admissions in the US
Band of Flagellants
Some reports say that various factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
Seven years of transportation.
He had been "in search of love" when he first met Sebastian.
Her infamous friendship with Grigori Rasputin.
Anatomical structures on one side of an animal.
The term protein was named after Peter Julius Berzelius, a chemist, after he observed that they seemed to have the same empirical formula and were composed of a large molecule.
They laid low for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in Calvados, in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France.
Orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension from Union station was added curving north to Bloor Street, then turning west to St. George and Bloor.
The line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It's located on an old portage trail from west to Unalakleet.
Cardiomyopathy increases the risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
It covered vast and varied landscapes, from the Sierra Madre to the plains of northern Yucatán.
Google released the comic on Google Books and blog, explaining the reasons behind it.
Anyone may register a pedigree, it is reviewed internally and requires proof before modification.
The book was published in 1985 but was not adopted for classroom use.
He toured the IPO in spring 1990 in USSR, Moscow and Leningrad, and in 1994 in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrenders, Napoleon's army at Ulm. He takes over 30,000 soldiers, inflicts 10,000 casualties on the enemy.
It has been a major economic center and center for the production and export of groundnuts.
A majority of South Indians speak Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
Multiple awards, honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman
Slavs moved to the area in the 5th century
From 1900 to 1920, new facilities were constructed on campus including dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, natural science building, auditorium, large hospital, and library complexes, and two residence halls.
It is located in Illinois.
Arzashkun
Out of 16,421 participants, she was chosen from 15 candidates to appear on TV show.
Its episodes were broadcast on ABC from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
It can be used in simpler environments.
Gymnasia hired trainer Francisco Maturana, and then Julio César Falcioni, with little success.
Washington County, Iowa, United States
She appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in Donkey Kong in 1994, and in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006.
The vagina is very elastic and stretches many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His birth year is believed to be between 1935 and 1939
Measuring the amount needed to inhibit a process.
Although the name suggests it, they are not in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, named after her mother Ann Power
During the interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
A string can vibrate in various modes and produce different notes and particles.
He portrayed Fletcher Christian in the 1935 film Mutiny on the Bounty.
