Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, the holiest city in Islam, to which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
A cloud hole on Neptune.
His next work, Saturday, is about a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula pulled the ball to the east.
There he died six weeks later, on January 13, 888.
They are similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal is also awarded a £5000 Colin Mears Award since 2000.
Following the drummer are dancers who play tiny drums with intricate choreography.
The spacecraft consists of the NASA Cassini orbiter and the ESA Huygens probe.
Alessandro Mazzola is a former Italian football player.
Debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a BA in anthropology.
However, the BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party as it supports a Lisbon Treaty referendum but opposes an EU withdrawal.
Many species vanished by the end of the nineteenth century with European settlement.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Tsinghua University admission is very competitive.
The National Research Council (NRC) is now an independent, private foundation.
The island of Rügen is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea, where it encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was named Sportsman of the Year by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a racquet sport that is believed to have originated in England.
King Bhumibol's birthday is celebrated throughout Thailand with yellow decorations.
The National Museum of Scotland.
Tagore emulated numerous styles including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps.
She performed at the White House in 1988.
Perry Saturn won the WWF European Championship from Eddie Guerrero.
She returned to France in 1927.
Voyager 2 discovered Despina in July 1989.
The first Italian Grand Prix was held in 1921 in Brescia.
He completed two collections of short stories, The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
Voyager 2 images Ophelia as an elongated object, major axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in south-east Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell are used in mosaics and inlays to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It's not a true louse.
He advocates a user-centered design process in product development.
The administrators may be part of a conspiracy.
Working Group I: Assesses scientific aspects of climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
Formal minor planet designations are combinations overseen by the Minor Planet Center, a branch of the International Astronomical Union.
Wind shear increased significantly by September 30.
Each entry has a copy of a datum in a backing store.
Both men and women attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser, a rugby union player, plays for Bristol Rugby.
Like previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a nuclear physicist at the University of Paris, and their grandson Pierre Joliot is a biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign.
International Fight League (IFL) was an American MMA promotion.
Giardia lamblia, a flagellated protozoan parasite, colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Cameron "Buck" Williams is a character in the Left Behind film series, in which he is the protagonist.
The area east of the Vistula River, later known as Prussia.
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory and later became artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes got in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for heavy drinking and bad behavior.
Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chaplin, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan have all appeared.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered this by Voyager 1 on March 5, 1979, while orbiting Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The Resistance was officially released on 16 June 2009.
He's a member of 183 Club.
The Apostolic Tradition, attributed to Hippolytus, says that early Christians sang Hallel psalms with Alleluia at agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and defended northern France.
Derived from Voice of America (VoA) Special English.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones from Shirley Temple.
First discovered asteroid by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in Graubünden, Switzerland.
Bohemia, part of the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220 (1,048,576) bytes is mistakenly referred to as 1 MB (megabyte) instead of 1 MiB.
The incident has been questioned about ethics in scholarship.
They are neutered to make the animal more docile or gain weight.
Seventh sons have exceptional magical abilities, and seventh sons of seventh sons are extremely rare and powerful.
The benchmarking of the 2009 version of the software shows it takes 52 seconds to install, 32 seconds to scan, and 7MB of memory.
Volterra is a town in Tuscany, Italy.
Historically, itch and pain were not considered separate, but have since been shown to share some similarities, but also have differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous, helping it catch ants and termites.
The same tram derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate loop.
There are statues of Sir Bobby Robson and Sir Alf Ramsey outside the ground.
The square root of the variance is known as the standard deviation.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, toys, and a live rock band at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne, a commune in Pays-de-la-Loire, northwest France.
Lack of land use controls can lead to bypasses becoming congested like local streets.
Cape York Peninsula, the Atherton Tableland, and Cooktown are nearby.
Bruises are usually painful but not dangerous.
Wikipedia disclaims any liability.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are very poor.
They are rivaled by chitin.
Oregano is important in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be bought for National Rail services, the Docklands Light Railway, and on an Oyster card.
He produced and published these works himself, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
The historical method uses primary sources to research and write history.
The weight of the icecap on Lake Vostok contributes to its high oxygen levels.
89,148.
Aliteracy is being able to read but being uninterested.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
It will dig itself and wait for its next meal.
Children are less likely to report a crime involving someone they know.
Floyd's father is a big supporter of his son.
Shortly after attaining Category 4 status, the hurricane's outer convection became ragged.
The equilibrium price for labor is the wage.
Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book An Adventure (1911), under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He devoted himself to practical teaching in London.
Brunstad has several restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi was under the Church's temporal rule, then merged with the States of the Church and the Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland and dissipated over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency that existed in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band includes Flynn (vocals, guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel (guitar), and Dave McClain (drums).
Countries with a minority Muslim population use mosques to promote civic participation more often than Muslim-majority countries in the Greater Middle East.
Foul-mouthed versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall, but quit before a studio album was released.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998.
Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a single vote.
Shade defies the law, starts a chain of events leading to the destruction of the colony, prompting a premature migration and his separation.
The female equivalent of son is daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the storm arrived.
Speed chess is a game of chess played with a 12-minute time limit.
The Amazon Basin.
Two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in a 1979 coup and a 1980 massacre.
Hurricane damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
Because the owner is unaware, these computers are compared to zombies.
A tropical depression formed off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, the Gospel of Mark, the Gospel of Luke, and the Gospel of John, probably written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture industry.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of Oberbarnim.
Unlike the Earth's clouds, Neptune's clouds are made of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach legal age.
Development Stable releases are rare, but Subversion snapshots are often stable enough to use.
He was sent to Florence in 1482.
The Bolsheviks demolished two Soviet-era landmarks: St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral (1783-1807).
He died on May 29, 1518, and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara in Madrid, Spain.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953 demonstrated this.
Cogeneration uses a heat engine to produce both electricity and heat.
Occasionally, a second male will enter the den.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript or CSS code that can be enabled by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences.
Useful links for involvement.
He served as prime minister of Egypt twice, between 1945 and 1946, and from 1946 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicorenos were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal, where he served as organist from 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to view the language and culture that had developed around it as ends in themselves, regardless of whether Esperanto ever gained international recognition.
Dry air wrapped around the southern edge of the cyclone, eroding deep convection by September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Hitler
Each version of the license has a unique version number.
Most IRC servers don't require user registration, but users still need to choose a nickname.
He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
SummerSlam (2009)
A Southern Star.
Some animals change color in response to their environment.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship (14:10) Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This closely resembles Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family, his mother was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites can be found in 51 countries worldwide.
Naas is a Dublin suburb with many residents working in the city.
Acanthopholis had oval plates with spikes on its neck and shoulders.
Origin Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Conversely, bills proposed by the Law Commission or consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital before his final release in 1474.
I'm ready to help. What is the sentence you'd like me to simplify?
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because blue light is scattered more than red.
Monteux is a commune of the Vaucluse department in France.
MacGruber is distracted by personal issues and runs out of time to defuse the bomb.
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod completed the orchestration with George Benjamin's advice.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala one of their holiest cities.
The People's Alliance for Democracy demanded the resignation of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat, who it claimed were Thaksin's proxies.
Traveling through remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle.
He was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He leaves for rehearsal with Dr. Schön.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was influenced by British guitar pop of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into battalions being formed for XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users and shorter trains than the other two subway lines.
It is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
Ten Boom was honored as one of the Righteous Among the Nations by Israel in 1967.
Some articles are lengthy and rich, while others are short and of lesser quality.
95 species are currently accepted.
Eugowra is named after the Indigenous Australian word for "The place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for moving picture are commonly used in English.
Jurisdiction draws substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and government branches.
He also composed The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to The Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state Aracaju is Aracaju (population: )
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created using the Kinesthetic Film Principles developed by Vorkapich.
The lawyer, Brandon, became his idol, and MK Sun became a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township near Cowra, New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
the abacus was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, a text-to-speech option, and a thickness reduced to 0.36 inches.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made from milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries but were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's show from four Citadel stations.
Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March, Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, who always prioritizes his partner's safety.
Barack Obama won the presidential election held on March 4, 2008 with 71.9% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
She was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
Stravinsky conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with a symbol have been found west of Xian.
Jeanne Demessieux
The instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore in Assisi
A fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway industry worldwide.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche harbours the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches with a striking surface.
She was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She refused to give up the commune and defied the judges.
The Graystripe Trilogy.
Syrians did not live in urban enclaves; many immigrants who worked as peddlers interacted with Americans daily.
He was famous for prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture.
She suffered from multiple health issues including collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Logging practices may not be ecologically sustainable for Leadbeater's possums.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits.
The term gribble was first used to describe a wood-boring species, especially Limnoria lignorum, described by Rathke in 1799 from Norway.
Bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
Thereafter, the county administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder, but in 1596, it moved to Greenlaw.
No one has done a quadruple Axel in competition.
The Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with military installations on the harbour.
There are rules for entering a mosque.
A rabbit-sized, pointed creature is being described.
Computer performance is measured by the amount of work accomplished per unit of time and resources used.
Some of the world's largest reservoirs are along the Volga.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries in the region.
Human skin hues can range from dark brown to very pale.
Bankers from ShoreBank helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but said no details had been decided.
Representatives of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association vote for the NHL All-Star Team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and China to the east.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Jimmy Wales under the ownership of Bomis.
Notable features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a highly complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve is a rugby back-rower for Bristol Rugby.
Other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
Physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938.
West Berlin had its own postal administration until 1990.
Painting by Sandro Botticelli, c. 1482
New South Wales's largest city and capital is Sydney.
Epoxy, polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon are also used.
Survives as a brand for digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
A young boy was left on the streets of northern Italy for four years.
Stands were added to each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
A town may be described as a market town if it had a market at some time.
A later bastion was built on the eastern approaches.
Battle of Stiklestad (Norway): Olav Haraldsson killed.
Others believe Tresca was killed by the NKVD for criticizing Stalin's Soviet Union regime.
This led to Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only with good reason.
Schuschnigg immediately denied the riot reports.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, England.
a citizen of a particular area represented by a politician
Prunk is a senior fellow at the Institute of European History in Mainz and the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Sylvester Stallone made a cameo in the 2003 film Taxi 3.
The crew attached a trailer with a cantilevered arm to a hovercraft and shot the scene while riding up Templin Highway near Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al. the following year.
Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological.
Quinine's efficacy gave colonists opportunities to swarm into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of west Africa.
Spectroscopic studies show evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works.
Mercury is similar to the Moon, having many craters and no atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
These provide habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals in 1608.
The Prime Minister's length of office depends on the support of the lower house.
Harry's act of retrieving Cedric's corpse shows his bravery and selflessness.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
They formed New Music Manchester.
The hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys.
Meher Baba's samadhi (tomb-shrine) and facilities for pilgrims.
The main church dome has been restored.
Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple Axel in national competition in 2005.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 km east of Puerto Rico.
These PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for an armed robbery.
Heavy rain caused flooding in Britain on October 5.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer that allows saving user's configuration and personal data to a Live USB.
In relation to their party strength, FDP had 2, CVP had 2, SP had 2, and SVP had 1 seats.
A fee is the price paid for services, especially for doctors, lawyers, consultants, or other professionals.
Ohio State's library system has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland repulsed a Norse invasion and secured a favorable peace treaty.
The singles from the album "By the Way" include "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed", and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, MINIX became free and open source software under a permissive license, but by then, other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, and it remained primarily for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to beige-white, sometimes with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish company.
The warning area was extended southwards before being canceled.
U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards.
The information provided later helped historians imagine the film.
That is because real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot in 1796.
Ned and Dan surrendered to the police.
The press thought the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance wasn't up to standard.
Fray is coming back.
Mutant is a fictional character in Marvel Comics.
The SAT is a standardized test for college admissions in the US.
Civil unrest in northern Italy leads to the development of penitential songs by wandering flagellants.
Some reports say various factors increase paralysis and hallucinations.
He spent seven years in Australia.
Waugh says Charles was looking for love when he met Sebastian and found a door in a hidden garden.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was important in her life.
The term dorsal refers to structures on an animal's back.
Berzelius coined the term 'protein' after noticing a shared formula in all proteins, suggesting a single large molecule.
They laid low for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran
Orange to pale yellow.
An extension was added in 1963, curving north from Union station to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail leading west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or cardiac arrest.
The region included a vast and varied landscape, spanning from the Sierra Madre mountains to northern Yucatán's plains.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and its official blog.
Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where it is carefully audited and requires official proof before alteration.
Political Economy, published in 1985, had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in the Soviet Union in 1990 and in China and India in 1994.
Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to Napoleon, getting 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties.
Northern Nigeria's economic hub for groundnut production and export.
South Indians speak one of five Dravidian languages — Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
Meteora earned the band numerous awards and accolades.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by the Sherman brothers.
In the 5th century, Slavs moved into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were constructed, including a chemistry building, a hospital, a library, and residence halls.
Winchester, Illinois.
Name Arzashkun is the Assyrian form of the Armenian name Arzash.
She was chosen among 15 of 16,421 participants.
It aired on ABC from 1993 to 2005.
The device can then be designed for less stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but they had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She appeared in music videos "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979.
Pauline is Mario's friend in two Donkey Kong games.
The vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
His birthdate is unknown, believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
IC50.
The Bernese Alps cover parts of five Swiss cantons.
He had one daughter, later baptized Mary Ann Fisher Power.
Edward Gorey said Bawden was one of his favorite artists because not many people knew about him.
The string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string produces different notes, and each mode appears as a different particle.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination for his portrayal of Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty.
