One side of the conflict is the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia mainly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, and Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
The Great Dark Spot is thought to represent a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next film follows a neurosurgeon on a memorable day.
The tarantula, a trickster character, pulled a black cord attached to a ball east with all his strength.
There he died six weeks later, on January 13, 888.
They are similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal also receives a £5000 Colin Mears Award.
Following the drummers are dancers who play tiny drums and perform elaborate choreography.
The spacecraft consists of the NASA Cassini orbiter and the ESA Huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola is an Italian former football player.
Debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, graduated with a BA in anthropology.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party in favor of a Lisbon Treaty referendum but against EU withdrawal.
Many species vanished by the end of the 19th century with European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Tsinghua University admission is very competitive.
The National Research Council (NRC) is now an independent, private foundation.
Situated at the Baltic Sea coast, it encloses the city of Stralsund.
He was named Sportsman of the Year by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport that originated from many racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on a Monday, so the whole of Thailand will be decorated with yellow.
The National Museum of Scotland merged with The Scottish National Museum and The National Museum of Antiquities in 2007.
Tagore emulated numerous styles including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed at the White House in 1988's Great Performances series on Public Broadcasting Service.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero for the WWF European Championship.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina is a moon of Neptune discovered in 1989 by Voyager 2.
First Italian Grand Prix was held on 4 September 1921 in Brescia.
He completed two short story collections: The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
Voyager 2 images Ophelia as an elongated object, with its major axis facing Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns in the Eyre Highway in SE Western Australia, between the South Australian border and Caiguna, do not follow Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It is not a true louse.
He advocates user-centered design and popularizes interaction design.
It's theoretically possible that the other editors and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone you've never met in person.
Working Group I assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the mainland by the Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton's wife welcomed their daughter Alanna on July 12, 2008.
Formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the IAU's Minor Planet Center.
By early September 30, wind shear began to dramatically increase and weaken.
Each entry has a data copy in a backing store.
Men and women attending a mosque must follow these guidelines.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques.
Ryan Prosser is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Premiership.
The assessment report consists of four reports, three of which were made by working groups.
Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist, and his granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics.
The stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign and was printed in large quantities.
The International Fight League was a mixed martial arts promotion.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Cameron "Buck" Williams is a character in the Left Behind film series, in which he has appeared in the movies Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War.
This was the area east of the Vistula River, known as Prussia.
He returned to teach at the Conservatory in Yerevan and later became artistic director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke.
Weelkes was in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for heavy drinking and immoderate behavior.
So far the celebrity episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chaplin, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe in 1979 around Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The official release date of The Resistance was announced on June 16, 2009.
He is a member of another boyband 183 Club.
The Apostolic Tradition, attributed to Hippolytus, mentions singing Hallel psalms with Alleluia as a refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and defended northern France against other Viking groups.
Voice of America (VoA) Special English.
Disney received an Oscar statuette and seven miniatures from Shirley Temple.
First asteroid found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in Graubünden, Switzerland.
Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220 (1,048,576) bytes is referenced as 1 MB instead of 1 MiB.
The incident has sparked numerous reports on scholarship ethics.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or to help it gain weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities and are extremely rare and powerful.
Benchmarking by PassMark highlights the 2009 version's 52-second install time, 32-second scan time, and 7 MB memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Tuscany, Italy.
Historically, itch and pain have been considered independent, but they now have been found to have commonalities with pain, yet differ significantly.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous that helps catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate loop on May 30, 2006.
Statues of Sir Bobby Robson and Sir Alf Ramsey are outside the ground.
Variance is a measure of dispersion in a set of data. Taking the square root of the variance gives the standard deviation.
Volunteers provided food, water, toys, massages, and entertainment for the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in Sarthe, Pays-de-la-Loire, France.
If there are no land use controls, a bypass becomes just another congested road.
Cairns is a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can cause pain but are not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who became King George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are quite small and have poor vision.
They are rivaled only by chitin in toughness.
Oregano is a key ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for National Rail, the Docklands Light Railway, and on an Oyster card.
He produced these works himself, while his larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
Historians use primary and secondary sources to research and write history.
The weight of the icecap on Lake Vostok contributes to its high oxygen concentration.
89,148 people.
Aliteracy is not reading ability.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
It will dislodge itself and sink to the riverbed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know and trust.
Landis' father has become a supportive fan of his son.
The hurricane's outer convection became ragged shortly after attaining Category 4 status.
The equilibrium price is the wage.
Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they published their findings in a book An Adventure (1911), under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and focused on practical teaching.
Brunstad has a fast food restaurant, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region.
In 1438 Trevi passed under the rule of the Church, then became part of the Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland on the 20th, causing heavy rains and flooding over Brazil the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department.
Flynn, Duce, Phil Demmel, and Dave McClain.
Countries with a minority Muslim population in the Greater Middle East are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries.
Pete and Dud are foul-mouthed characters from earlier.
Johan was the original bassist of HammerFall, a Swedish power metal band, before they released a studio album.
Culver won the Iowa Secretary of State election in 1998.
Mark Messier took the Hart Trophy in 1990 by a margin of two votes, one of which was a first-place vote.
Shade's impulsive act sets off a chain of events leading to the destruction of his colony's home, their premature migration, and his separation.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He had abdominal cancer.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the storm arrived.
Speed chess is played with a 12-minute time limit per player.
Amazon Basin is a region in South America drained by the Amazon River.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Hurricane damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
These computers are compared to zombies because the owner is often unaware.
A tropical depression formed off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Gospel of Mark, Gospel of Luke and Gospel of John, likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The coat of arms of Oberbarnim
Unlike Earth's clouds, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach age of majority.
Development stable releases are rare, but subversion snapshots are often stable enough to use.
Finally in 1482, he was sent to Florence, the city of his destiny.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two landmarks in Rostov - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in 1953.
Cogeneration or combined heat and power (CHP) is the use of a heat engine or power station to simultaneously generate electricity and useful heat.
The male "den master" will sometimes allow a second male into the den.
Wikipedia gadgets are JavaScript and/or CSS snippets that can be enabled by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences.
Useful links for your involvement.
He served as prime minister of Egypt twice, from 1945 to 1946 and from 1946 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleans were moved to the mainland.
James I appointed him Gentleman of the Chapel Royal and made him organist from 1615.
Chauvin was embarrassed and said he may not accept the award.
Later, Esperanto speakers viewed the language and culture surrounding it as ends in themselves, even if it's never adopted by the UN or other international organizations.
Dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded deep convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Hitler
Each version of the License has a distinguishing version number.
Most IRC servers don't require registration, but you need to set a nickname before connecting.
He received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest airplane mechanic in New York.
SummerSlam 2009 was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by WWE that took place on August 23, 2009, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
Usually depicted as being bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the Southern Polestar.
Some animals can change color in changing environments, seasonally or rapidly, using specialized cells called chromatophores.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a Steel cage match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship (14:10) after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer, his father was a band director at Yale.
Mennonites can be found in 51 countries on six continents, including Canada, Democratic Republic of Congo, and the US.
Naas is a suburb of Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armour consisted of oval plates on its skin, with spikes on its neck and shoulders.
Origin was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills start in the House of Lords.
Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital before preparing for the reconquest of Wallachia.
I'm ready to assist. What is the sentence to be simplified?
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the flexible tissue inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France.
MacGruber rushes to defuse a bomb but is distracted and runs out of time.
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod did the final movement's orchestration with George Benjamin's advice.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, and Jerusalem.
The PAD called for the resignation of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, who it accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle.
He was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself for rehearsal, Dr. Schön leaves with him.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene in the 1990s, characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop of the 1960s and 1970s.
The XI International Brigade was formed from battalions.
The Sheppard line has fewer users and shorter trains than the other two subway lines.
It's the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world, with a capacity of 98,772.
Ten Boom was honored as one of the Righteous Among the Nations by the State of Israel in December 1967.
Articles vary in length and quality.
About 95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after the Indigenous Australian word meaning "The place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are common terms in English.
Jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to serve the needs of the native society.
He followed with The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to The Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of Araguaia, Brazil is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created using Vorkapich's Kinesthetic Film Principles.
Brandon became MK Sun's idol.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township near Cowra in central New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China searched for gold along the Peel River and on the mountain slopes.
The abacus was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering before the advent of the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and a thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen have been in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, but they were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores nationwide.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations in 2004.
Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March, Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005, and system-wide sales also surpassed McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, who always sticks with his partner.
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
It is a living fossil.
She was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas, like Orpheus in the Underworld and La belle Hélène, were very popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with a symbol have been found west of Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
It was nearly impossible to control.
St. Mary the Greater, the earliest church in Assisi.
Pure iron-nickel alloy
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the rail industry worldwide.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche harbours the Onyx system, a Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder for matches with a coarse striking surface.
She was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use during pregnancy.
She vowed to never renounce the Commune and faced death as a possible sentence.
OEL manga series Graystripe's Trilogy follows Graystripe between being taken by Twolegs and returning to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many immigrants interacted with Americans daily as peddlers.
He was famous for prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She had multiple serious illnesses as a child.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer argues that logging practices are not sustainable due to the need for nest boxes for species like the Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec.
Small inductors on integrated circuits can be built using the same processes as transistors.
The term gribble was originally used for the wood-boring species Limnoria lignorum, described by Rathke in 1799 from Norway.
Wounds from a club are bludgeoning or blunt-force injuries.
After 1596 the county's administration was at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town.
No skater has yet accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition.
The Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
Even those who enter the mosque without praying must still follow the rules.
A rabbit-sized, pointed object.
Computer performance is the amount of useful work accomplished per unit of time and resources used.
The Volga is home to some of the world's largest reservoirs.
The cross symbolises monasteries in the region.
Human skin tones range from very dark brown to very pale.
Bankers from ShoreBank helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but claimed details were not yet determined.
The Professional Hockey Writers' Association selects the All-Star Team.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and China to the east.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc., a web portal company.
Key-dependent S-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby.
Other nearby settlements are Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its present location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by Sandro Botticelli, c. 1482.
New South Wales's capital is Sydney.
Epoxy is the most commonly used polymer, but other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon can also be used.
The name survives as a brand for a related digital television channel, digital radio station, and website.
He was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for four-and-a-half years, living in orphanages and roaming through towns with other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
A town may be called a market town even if it no longer holds a market if the right to hold one still exists.
A bastion on the eastern approaches was built later.
Olav Haraldsson killed in Battle of Stiklestad, Norway.
Tresca was likely killed by the NKVD in revenge for criticizing Stalin's Soviet Union.
The Balkan Wars resulted in Montenegro and Serbia gaining independence.
Use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only when necessary.
Schuschnigg responded that riots reports were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, England.
A citizen of the area represented by a politician.
Prunk is a fellow of the Institute of European History in Mainz and the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Sylvester Stallone appeared in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew shot a scene with a trailer and a cantilevered arm on Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
Wario Land The Wario Land series is a platforming series starting with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Berceuse for solo piano, Op. 57
These attacks were possibly psychological rather than physical.
Quinine's efficacy gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of west Africa.
Spectroscopic studies of a stony surface composition indicate hydrated minerals and silicates.
She was the editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is similar to the Moon in that it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains and has no satellites or substantial atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
These provide habitat for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The Prime Minister stays in office as long as they have the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene shows Harry's bravery and selflessness by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
He and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt.
They formed New Music Manchester, a group committed to contemporary music.
A compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18-20 feet.
Meher Baba's tomb-shrine with pilgrim facilities and accommodations.
The main church's dome has been restored.
Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple Axel jump.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts.
49 pipefish and 9 seahorses have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, east of Puerto Rico.
These PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 for participating in an armed robbery.
Heavy rain caused localized flooding in Britain on October 5.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a Live USB with the option to save user configuration and personal data.
The parties in the Federal Assembly have 2-3 seats each.
A fee is payment for services, especially for professionals.
Ohio State's library system has 21 libraries on its campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland repulsed a Norse invasion and made a favorable peace settlement.
Singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed", and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, MINIX became free and open source software, but it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white, with dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise symbolized by its thistle logo.
The area covered by the warning was extended southwards as Jose intensified before being canceled after landfall.
U.S. Marine pilots and commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards.
The latter provided audiences with the kind of information provided by intertitles and can help historians imagine the film.
Real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World cannot be used as collateral to raise capital for industrial and commercial expansion.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
The press disagreed with Veeck's "midget-in-a-cake" appearance.
Fray is not done, it's coming back.
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in Marvel Comics.
The SAT is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy leads to the creation of Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by Flagellants.
Some factors may cause paralysis and hallucinations.
He spent seven years in Australia.
Charles had been searching for love when he met Sebastian, who introduced him to a hidden and magical garden.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was a key part of her life.
Terms related to the back or side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" as proteins seem to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single large molecule.
The gang laid low for 16 months after the Jerilderie raid.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in Calvados, France.
Color ranges from orange to yellow.
An extension was added in 1963 from Union Station to near St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail that leads west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
It encompassed a vast and varied landscape, from the Sierra Madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site with an explanation.
Anyone can register with the college, where they are carefully audited and need official proofs before alteration.
The book Political Economy, published in 1985, was not widely adopted in classrooms.
He toured with the IPO twice, once in 1990 and 1994, visiting Moscow, Leningrad, China, and India.
Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to Napoleon at Ulm, resulting in over 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties.
The centre of northern Nigeria and main groundnut producer and exporter.
Most South Indians speak one of the Dravidian languages.
Meteora has won numerous awards.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Most songs were written by Richard and Robert Sherman.
Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
New facilities were constructed on campus from 1900 to 1920, including buildings for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, natural sciences building, Hill Auditorium, a large hospital and library, and two residence halls.
Winchester, Illinois.
Arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name Arzash from the name of a region on Lake Van.
She was chosen from 16,421 participants out of 15 candidates to appear on the TV show.
ABC network, 1993-2005.
The latter device can be designed for less stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana, and then Julio César Falcioni, but they both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979.
Pauline was in a Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994, and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006.
The vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches several times its normal diameter during childbirth.
Born between 1935 and 1939
Half-maximal inhibitory concentration
Portions of the Bernese Alps are located in the cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud, although they are named after the Bernese Oberland region.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann, who was later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power.
Edward Gorey mentioned Bawden as one of his favorite artists, who is not well known by many people.
A string can vibrate in different modes like a guitar string, producing different particles like electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination for his role in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
