The Sudanese side of the conflict is largely made up of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed militia.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Islam's holiest city, Mecca, for able-bodied Muslims.
The Great Dark Spot is thought to be a depression in Neptune's atmosphere.
His next work is Saturday.
The tarantula spun a black cord and crawled to the east, then pulled on it with all his strength.
January 13, 1888
They are similar to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the Kate Greenaway artist has received the Colin Mears Award for £5000.
They follow the drummers, who play small drums and do elaborate dances.
The spacecraft has two main parts: the NASA Cassini spacecraft and the ESA Huygens probe.
Alessandro Mazzola (born November 8, 1942) is Italian football player
It was thought that the debris filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a BA in anthropology.
The BZÖ differs in comparison to the Freedom Party regarding a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty and withdrawal from the EU.
European settlement had led to extinction of many species.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
As a white powder.
It's extremely competitive admission to Tsinghua.
It is an independent foundation.
It is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea and surrounds the city of Stralsund.
He was named 1982 Sportsman of the Year by Sports Illustrated
Fives is a sport originating from Britain.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday. On his birthday, Thailand will be decorated with yellow.
Both names became defunct in 2007 and merged into The National Museum of Scotland.
Nevertheless, Tagore created craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from Canada and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On Oct 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union
She performed at the White House for President Reagan in 1988.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She remained in the United States until 1927, then returned to France.
Despina was discovered by Voyager 2 in late July 1989.
The first Italian Grand Prix was held in 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories, The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns, and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
At Voyager 2 images Ophelia appear as an elongated object pointing towards Uranus.
The British took the land by force.
Some towns in the south-east corner of Western Australia do not observe Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored shells used in mosaics and inlays have been used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes and Rolling Hills Estates.
Drek will destroy the galaxy. Clank needs help finding Captain Qwark.
louse
He applies a user-centered design process to product development and popularizes interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It's theoretically possible that other editors or administrators who blocked me are part of a conspiracy against someone far away, they've never met in person.
Scientific Assessment Group I: Evaluates climate system and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separating the Scottish mainland from the Inner Hebrides by the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton, wife, and Marie were born on July 12
Minor planet designations are names given by the Minor Planet Center.
Wind shear began to increase dramatically and the weakening trend started by early on September 30.
Each entry has a datum which is a copy of the original data in a backing store.
Many mosques do not enforce these rules. Both men and women must attend mosques and follow these guidelines.
Mariel of Redwall is by Brian Jacques and published 1991.
Ryan Prosser (born 10 July 1988) is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby.
It consists of four reports.
They are a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot, and grandson Pierre Joliot, who was named after Curie.
The standard letter stamp remained for the remainder of Queen Victoria's reign, and many were printed.
The International Fight League (IFL) was a mixed martial arts (MMA) promotion.
Giardia lamblia causes giardiasis by colonizing and reproducing in the small intestine.
Cameron has appeared in Christian-themed films such as "Left Behind: The Movie", "Left Behind II: Tribulation Force", and "Left Behind: World at War", playing the character Cameron "Buck" Williams.
The area east of the mouth of the Vistula River was called "Prussia proper".
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the Conservatory and later became the artistic director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts of Matthew and Luke
Weelkes was in trouble with the cathedral authorities for drinking heavily and behaving immorally.
Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe on March 5, 1979.
Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser hosted Gomaespuma.
The official release date of The Resistance was on June 16, 2009.
A183 Club is also a jungiery boyband
The Apostolic Tradition sings Hallel psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and fought in northern France against the Vikings.
Voice of America. Special English.
Disney got an Oscar statuette and 7 miniature ones from 10-year-old actress Shirley Temple.
First asteroid discovered by a spacecraft
Graubünden Region
Bohemian Switzerland is located in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220GB is referenced as 1 MB.
Ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or to gain weight.
Seventh sons have strong "knacks" and are both rare and powerful.
2009 version: 52 sec, 32 sec, 7 MB
Italy region Tuscany town Volterra
Historically, pain and itch were considered separate sensations, but they have several features in common.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous that helps to catch ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate loop on 30 May 2006.
There are statues of both Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson outside the Ipswich Town stadium.
sqrt(variance) or sqrt(V)
Volunteers brought food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance for those attending.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in France.
If there are no controls, buildings are built along a bypass, turning it into a ordinary road, and the bypass may become congested as it is used.
People are starting at Cooktown to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises are painful but usually not dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected to Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Handel served as Kapellmeister for Elector Georg of Hanover (later George I of Great Britain).
Their eyes are small, and their vision is bad.
They are stronger than chitin in toughness only.
It is used.
Tickets can be bought for National Rail, DLR, and Oyster card.
He produced and published. His woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
The historical method is used to study and write history by using primary sources and other evidence.
The weight of the icecap is thought to affect the oxygen concentration.
89,148 as of 2000
Aliteracy is being able to read, but not interested in reading.
a pharmaceutical drug for abortion
It will then digests its food, sinks back to river bed and waits for its next meal.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, or care about.
Landis' father is a big fan of Floyd.
The outer convection of the storm became ragged soon after becoming a Category 4.
The labor market wage.
Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book titled "An Adventure" (1911) under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London to teach.
Here is the simplified text:
11,000 troops were garrisoned in the newly conquered region.
Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the Church 1438, then the States of the Church, then the united Kingdom of Italy 1860
The depression moved inland, becoming a circulation devoid of convection. It passed over Brazil and caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department existed from 1952 to 1995.
Flynn (vocals, guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel (guitar), Dave McClain (drums)
Countries with a minority Muslim population use mosques to promote civic participation.
characters are foul-mouthed Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of HammerFall but quit before the band released a studio album.
Culver was elected Secretary of State of Iowa in 1998.
Mark Messier won the Hart Memorial Trophy by 2 votes.
He sets the main plot of the novel in motion by defying the law, and then the chain of events leads to the destruction of his home and his separation from the colony.
A daughter.
He had cancer in 1999.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before a storm.
The form of chess played is Speed chess, where each competitor has 12 minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon River and its tributaries drain the Amazon Basin in South America.
The two former US presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 and 1980 coups and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage across the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
The owner is not aware of these computers.
It traveled across the Atlantic and became a tropical depression near Haiti on September 13.
The AP stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Gospel of Mark, Gospel of Luke, and Gospel of John.
Eschelbronn is known for furniture manufacturing.
The upper half of the town is similar to the coat of arms of Oberbarnim.
Unlike clouds on Earth made of ice crystals, Neptune's clouds are made of frozen methane.
They are only allowed until they reach legal adulthood.
Development releases are rare, but there are often Subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use.
In 1482 the Order sent him to Florence, the 'City of His Destiny'.
In the Soviet years, they destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks - St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral and St. George Cathedral.
He died in Madrid, Spain and was buried in San Benito d'Alcantara church.
This was done by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
Cogeneration: simultaneous generation of heat and power
A male "dominate rite" allows a second male into the den.
A gadget is a JavaScript / or CSS snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences.
Links to facilitate my involvement.
He served as prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1948.
She was left behind by the rest of the Nicolsons.
James appointed a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal where he was organist from 1615 to his death.
He didn't accept the award.
Later, Esperanto speakers saw the language and culture they grew up with as a part of themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the UN.
Dry air surrounding the southern periphery of the cyclone led to its initial demise.
American author Calvin Baker.
Eva Braun, 1912-1945, was Hitler's wife and companion.
Each version of the license is given a distinguishing version number.
Most IRC servers do not require a password, but users must set a nickname before connecting.
He became the youngest certified airplane mechanic in New York by age 17.
SummerSlam (2009) will be a WWE pay-per-view event on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is said to be an incarnation of the Southern Polestar with a bald head and long whiskers.
A few animals change color changing in changing environments seasonally or rapidly with chromatophores in their skin.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a 14:10 steel cage match and pinned him after Tazz hit Rikishi.
Unix philosophy has multiple programs doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family. His mother, LaRue, was a singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, Congo, and U.S., but also in tight-knit communities in 51 countries on 6 continents or scattered among the populace of those countries.
Naas is a major suburb of Dublin, home to many people living in Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armor was oval, set almost horizontally, with spikes at the neck and shoulder.
Origin, Irmo was chartered in 1890 in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens railroad.
Consolidation bills start in the House of Lords. Bills proposed by the Law Commission start in the House of Lords.
In 1474, Vlad resided with his wife in a house in the capital of Wallachia.
I'm ready when you are.
He is in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the soft, spongy tissue inside bones.
The scattering of blue light creates blue color in nebulae.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of France.
MacGruber asks for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but gets distracted by his personal life.
This was nearly complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod orchestrated the final movement with George Benjamin's advice.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holy cities, after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The PAD called for Thaksin Shinawatra's resignation.
Traveling through remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a reliable vehicle.
Kahn was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He has to leave for rehearsal, so he and Dr. Schön leave
Britpop emerged from the British indie music scene of the early 1990s and was characterized by bands influenced by 1960s and 1970s British guitar pop music.
This was absorbed into the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users and shorter trains.
It has a capacity of 98,772, making it the largest stadium in Europe and the 11th largest in the world.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was recognized by Israel as Righteous Among the Nations.
Some articles are lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter and less quality.
95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after the Indigenous Australian word meaning 'the place where the sand washes down the hill'".
Terms like "underwear" and "movie" are common words in English.
Jurisdiction derives its power from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to serve the needs of its native society.
He followed with The Death of Minnehaha, The Overture to The Song of Hiawatha, and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of Aracaju is Aracaju.
She was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Kinesthetic Film Principles.
The lawyer, Brandon, became his idol and became a lawyer.
It is a historic township in New South Wales, Australia, near Cowra in Cabonne Shire.
On 18 June 2002 Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were digging in the Pea River, mountain slopes.
Before pocket calculators, calculators were used in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, and a text-to-speech option.
Yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defensemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been discussed throughout history; however, they have been rejected by mainstream Christian communities.
The album was banned in many stores.
The legs become wider at the top and narrower at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from 4 stations and from Sirius Satellite Radio, citing Stern's discussions about his move to Sirius.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as Wendy's. By 2005, it surpassed McDonald's sales in Canada.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, who follows the rule: never leave a partner behind.
He won 2 March 2008 Presidential election with 71.25% of popular vote.
A living fossil plant.
She was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
Stravinsky composed the ballet in 1913.
There were protests.
Offenbach's operettas were popular in both France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from Tang Dynasty date back to western Chang'an (modern-day Xian).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
It was nearly impossible to control.
St. Mary the Greater, the first church in Assisi.
Iron-nickel alloy
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering railway, metro, light rail and tram industries worldwide.
He was awarded Companion of Honour (CH) in 1988.
Loèche uses Onyx to gather electronic intelligence.
A matchbook is a small cardboard container with a match and striking surface.
She was the first to object to cigarette smoking among doctors and pregnant women.
Defiantly, she vowed never to renounce the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three-volume original English-language Graystripe's Trilogy.
Samovar & Porter, 1994, page 84, Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves; many who worked as peddlers interacted with Americans on a daily basis.
He made prints, book covers, posters, and furniture.
She suffered from collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia four to five times a year, a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University argues that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for species that depend on hollow trees, such as the Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a hockey team from Montreal, Canada.
Small value inductors are made on ICs.
The term gribble comes from the wood-boring species, Limnoria lignorum
Blunt-force injuries.
Afterwards the county's administration was in Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw was the county town in 1596.
A quadruple Axel is still not done
The Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour.
Even if they don't pray, they must follow the rules in the mosque.
Pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit
The amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system.
Some of the world's largest reservoirs are located along the Volga River.
The cross is a symbol of the monasteries of the region.
Human skin colors range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank helped Yunus with the incorporation of the bank under a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer put Saddam on trial, but details were not yet known.
Representatives of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association vote for the All-Star Team in the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan and the People's Republic of China border Afghanistan.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis.
Key-dependent S-boxes and a complex key schedule
Iain Grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana.
Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil are nearby settlements.
The quark model was proposed in 1964 by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig.
The fourth ring was added in 1939 and moved to its current location.
West Berlin had its own postage stamps, separate from West Germany's.
The painting "Primavera" is by Sandro Botticelli, around 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
Polymer other than epoxy, polyester, vinyl ester, and nylon are sometimes used.
The name has survived as a brand for a spin-off TV channel, radio station, and website, which still exist.
At four-and-a-half years old, he was left on the streets of northern Italy for four years, living in orphanages and with other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each goal as the ground modernized.
A town is a market town or has market rights even if no market exists.
A bastion on the eastern part of the approaches was built later.
July 29 — Battle of Stiklestad: Olaf Haraldsson is killed.
Others say Tresca was eliminated by the NKVD for criticizing Stalin's regime.
Both Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
<nav>
I am unable to create a paragraph and lie
Addiscombe is a London Borough of Croydon area in England
a person residing in a political area or serving the political community.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone also made a cameo appearance in the 2003 French film Taxi 3.
A trailer with an arm on the hovercraft was attached.  The crew rode up Templin Highway in Santa Clarita while it hovered.
The conference papers were published in a book called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Super Mario Land 3.
Opus 57 - Berceuse for solo piano
They may have been psychological in origin.
It was quinine's efficacy that gave colonists opportunities to swarm into West Africa.
Furthermore, minerals and silicates are hydrated, which shows that the surface is stony.
She became editor in chief of Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is like the Moon: heavily cratered with smooth plains, no natural satellites, and no atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich.
grasslands and desert areas
Turkish and Afghan governors ruled Dhaka after the Sena dynasty, then the Mughals in 1608.
The Prime Minister stays in office until he or she loses the support of the lower house.
For Harry, showing bravery, selflessness, and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were taken into custody after a shootout in Frankfurt.
New Music Manchester is a music group
The hurricane caused 18 to 20 feet of storm surge in the upper Florida Keys.
It is the site of Meher Baba's samadhi and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church dome is back.
In 2005, Meissner became the 2nd American woman to land a triple Axel jump.
It is located in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
49 pipefish and 9 seahorses have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeastern Caribbean, 300 km east of Puerto Rico.
They need to be converted to a text format.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 on orders from Sir Frederick Pottinger for being involved in a robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell in Britain, causing flood waters.
A Live USB allows saving configuration and personal data.
2 FDP, 2 CVP, 2 SP, 1 SVP
A fee is money paid to someone for their services.
Ohio State's library system has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norwegian rule while Scotland resisted Norse invasion and obtained a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, MINIX became free and open-source software with a permissive free software license, but remained used mainly by students and hobbyists.
The body color is medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white; sometimes with dark brown spots on limbs.
It was primarily a Scottish enterprise, symbolised by its thistle logo.
The area covered by the warning was extended southwards as Jose intensified before being canceled on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune said US Marine pilots and commanders confirmed using mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards in the initial stages of combat.
The latter helped provide the sort of information later provided by intertitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Assets in underground economies can't be used as collateral for capital.
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times then was shot dead in 1796.
They are now advanced to the police camp and are ordered to surrender.
The second game has not gone as expected.
Fray is not done, Fray is coming back
A mutant is a character in the Marvel comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a test for college admissions in the United States.
The medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder; the wandering bands of Flagellants.
Some reports show that many people are at risk of paralysis and hallucinations.
His transportation to Australia was seven years.
Charles had been in search of love when he met Sebastian. The low door in the wall opened a garden with an enchanted space.
He was also an important factor in her life.
Anatomical structures that grow off or towards the side of an animal
The term "protein" was coined by Berzelius after Mulder observed proteins to have the same empirical formula and a single type of large molecule.
They lay low for 16 months, evading capture.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in Calvados, France, in the Basse-Normandie region.
Orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, a new line curved north from Union station to near Bloor street, then turned west to St. George and Bloor streets.
A section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert before 1980.
It's located on an old portage trail that went west through mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of heart arrhythmia or sudden death.
The Mesoamerican sub-region had a diverse landscape from mountains to the Yucatán plains.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site. They also explained the early release on their blog.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, and it is audited and verified before being altered.
The book was published in 1985, but not widely adopted in classrooms.
He toured in 1990 and 1994 with the International Musical Performance (IPO) performing in the Soviet Union, China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrenders to Napoleon, taking 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties.
It is the economic center of northern Nigeria, known for groundnut production and export.
Many South Indians speak Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu or Tulu.
It earned awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
The Slavs arrived in 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920, many new facilities were built on campus. These included dental and pharmacy programs, chemistry building, natural sciences building, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
It is located in Scott County, Illinois, in the United States.
Arshagkun
She was chosen from 15 candidates to appear on the TV show.
Its episodes were on ABC from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005
It can be used in less stringent environments
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and then Julio César Falcioni, but they had little success.
Iowa city, US
She appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter.
Pauline returned in Game Boy game in 1994, Mario vs Donkey Kong 2 in 2006, now Mario's friend
The vagina is elastic and stretches many times its normal diameter during childbirth.
His birth year is between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a drug or substance is needed to inhibit a biological process or component of a process.
Although the name suggests they are in Bernese Oberland, portions of the Bernese Alps are in Valais, Lucerne, Oberbund, Fribourg and Vaud.
He had one daughter named Mary Ann Fisher, to Ann Power.
Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists.
A guitar string vibrates in different modes, and every mode produces a different particle.
Gable also earned an Academy Award nomination for his role as Fletcher Christian in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty.
