The side of the conflicts is made up mostly of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group. They are mostly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes in the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, a holy city in Islam. Muslims need to visit Mecca at least once in their lifetime.
The Great Dark Spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud on Neptune. It is thought to be a void in the methane layer of Neptune.
His next book, Saturday, is about the life of a successful neurosurgeon. It was a very eventful day for him.
The tarantula character spun a black cord. It attached it to the ball and then it crawled quickly to the east, pulling the cord with all its strength.
He died six weeks after he was born. He died on January 13, 1888.
They are similar to the people of Papua New Guinea.
The Kate Greenaway Medal has been given to the recipient since 2000. The recipient also gets the Colin Mears Award for £5000.
Following the drummers are dancers. They often play a small drum that makes almost no sound. Dancers tend to have more elaborate choreography. Dancers also play a small drum. The drummers are dancers. Dancers do acrobatic things.
The spacecraft has two main parts. It has the NASA Cassini orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini. It also has the ESA Huygens probe, named after the Dutch mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on 8 November 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
The debris from the collision filled in the small craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. He got his BA in anthropology from there.
The BZÖ is different from the Freedom Party. It wants a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but opposes EU withdrawal.
Many animals had gone by the end of the 19th century. With European settlement, they were gone.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987. He was a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder. It is found in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua is very hard. It is very competitive.
NRC is an independent, private foundation. It is organized as such.
It is near the Baltic Sea. It surrounds the city of Stralsund.
He was named 1982 "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated. He was also named Sportsman of the Year in 1982.
Fives is a British sport that comes from the same origins as many racquet sports. It is also known as racquets.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday. So, on his birthday in Thailand, everything will be yellow.
Both names stopped working in 2007 and were merged into The National Museum of Scotland. They were split into The National in 2007.
Tagore made many styles, including crafts from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from Canada (British Columbia), and woodcuts by Max Pechstein. He also made copies of these things.
John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps idea on October 14, 1960. He suggested it was called the Peace Corps. It became the Peace Corps. It was on the steps of Michigan Union when it was proposed.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series on the Public Broadcasting Service. She performed on this show in 1988. It was called Great Performances at the White House. It was on the Public Broadcasting Service. It aired in 1988. She performed for President
Perry Saturn and Terri defeated Eddie Guerrero and Chyna. Perry Saturn won the WWF European Championship by pinning Guerrero after a diving elbow drop. Saturn won with 8 minutes 10 seconds left in the match.
She stayed in the United States until 1927. Then she and her husband went back to France.
Despina was found in late July 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe. It was taken from pictures by the Voyager 2 spacecraft.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on September 4, 1921 at Brescia. It was the first Grand Prix racing event.
He also wrote two collections of short stories called The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
Voyager 2 took pictures of Ophelia. It looks like a long object. The major axis points towards Uranus.
The British decided to get rid of him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia. These towns do not follow Western Australian time. They are almost as far as Caiguna from the South Australian border.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell are used to create mosaics and inlays. These are used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills. These cities are part of the Palos Verdes Peninsula.
Drek will destroy the galaxy. Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark. To stop Drek, Clank wants Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark.
It is not a louse.
He uses a user-centered design process in product development cycles. He also promotes the popularization of interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It's possible that other editors who may have reported me and the administrator who blocked me are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away. They have never met in person. This person is probably against someone they have never met.
The Working Group I looks at the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides. It is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
Formal minor planet designations are names given to small bodies in space. They are overseen by the Minor Planet Center, a part of the International Astronomical Union.
Wind shear started to increase early on September 30. It became worse. By September 30, wind shear started to get worse. Wind shear started to increase and the trend was weakening.
Each entry has a datum. This datum is a copy of the datum in a backing store.
Many mosques will not enforce bad behavior.  Both men and women must follow these rules when they attend a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques. It was published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He plays rugby union for Bristol Rugby. He is a professional rugby player for Bristol Rugby. Ryan Prosser is from Guinness Premiership.
It has four reports. Three of them are from its working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson Pierre Joliot is a noted biochemist. He was named after Pierre Curie. Pierre Joliot is a professor of biochemistry.
This was the standard stamp for the rest of Victoria's rule. Many lots of the stamp were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion. It was called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated parasite that lives in the small intestine. It causes giardiasis. It lives and reproduces there, causing giardiasis.
Cameron has worked in Christian-themed films. Some of his films include Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War. He plays Cameron "Buck" Williams in these films.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula River. It was sometimes called "Prussia proper".
After graduating, he came back to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory. Later, he was appointed as the director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke. It specifically mentions - and the Gospel of Luke.
Weelkes got into trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and naughty behavior.
Here is the simplified sentence:
Stephen P. Synnott found the images in space probe Voyager 1 in March 1979. It was found while it was orbiting Jupiter. Voyager 1 took the images.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser. It was on air by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The official release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's website on June 16, 2009. It was released on June 16, 2009.
He is also a member of another boy band called 183 Club. 183 Club is a Jungiery boy band.
The Apostolic Tradition is from Hippolytus. It says that the singing of psalms and Alleluia was done at early Christian feasts. The psalms were sung with Alleluia as the refrain.
Rollo became loyal to Charles and converted to Christianity. He helped defend the northern part of France against other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America (VoA) Special English.
Disney received a large Oscar statuette and seven small ones from 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple. She gave them to him.
It was the first asteroid that was discovered by a spacecraft. It was the first asteroid to be found by a space probe.
ing the sentence,
It is in the Czech Republic. It is part of the Bohemian Switzerland.
This refers to 220 megabytes. Instead of 1 megabyte, it refers to 1 million bytes.
The incident has been talked about many times because of the ethics in scholarship.
They are being castrated so that the animal will be more docile or to gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have special magical powers. They are very rare and very powerful. Seventh sons have strong skills and they are very rare.
PassMark Software's benchmarking shows that the 2009 version takes 52 seconds to install, 32 seconds to scan, and uses 7 MB of memory.
Volterra is a town in Italy. It is located in the Tuscany region.
Itch and pain were not considered separate feelings until recently. Itch and pain have several things in common, but also some differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of a lot of glycoprotein-rich mucous. This mucous helps to move food in and out of the mouth. It also catches ants and termites that stick to it.
The same tram derailed on May 30, 2006, at Starr Gate loop. During previous trials, it derailed there.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson outside the stadium. Both were former Ipswich Town and England managers. They are outside the stadium.
Take the square root of the variance of the given number.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, toys, and massages. They also had a live rock band performance for everyone at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a town in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France. It is located near Vouvray-sur-Huisne.
If there are no land use controls, more buildings are built along the bypass. This makes the bypass into a ordinary town road. If it becomes congested, it will be as busy as the local streets it was meant to avoid.
It is also a starting point for people wanting to visit Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises hurt but are not usually harmful.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else can be responsible for the use of the information on these web pages.
George Handel was also Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover (later George I of Great Britain). He served for George. George became George I of Great Britain after Elector Hanover.
Their eyes are small. Their vision is poor.
They are tougher than other biological materials than chitin.
Oregano is a very important ingredient in Greek food. It is used a lot in Greek cooking.
Tickets can be bought for National Rail services, the Docklands Light Railway and on an Oyster card.
He made and published his own work. Most of his woodcuts were commissioned.
The historical method is used by historians. It includes techniques and guidelines used by historians to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap on Lake Vostok is thought to make it have a high oxygen concentration.
The population was 89,148 as of 2000.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not wanting to. It means being able to read, but not wanting to read.
Mifepristone is a steroid used as a medicine. It is a synthetic compound.
It will get itself out of the water. It will sink back to the river bed to eat its food. Then it will wait for its next meal.
Children are more likely to not report a crime if it is against someone they know, trust, or care about.
Landis' father is a big supporter of his son. He thinks he is one of Floyd's biggest fans.
After becoming a Category 4 hurricane, the outer part of the storm became rough.
The price at which a certain type of labor is paid is the wage.
They thought the grounds were haunted. They decided to publish their findings in a book called "An Adventure" in 1911. They wrote under the pseudonyms Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He lived in London. He spent most of his time teaching.
Brunstad has many fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, a coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
A detachment of 11,000 troops was sent to garrison the new region.
In 1438 Trevi was under the rule of the Church. It was a part of the legation of Perugia. From then on, its history merged with the history of the Church States. In 1860, it merged with the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved into the country on the 20th. It was a low-pressure system without convection. It moved inland and dissipated over Brazil. It caused heavy rains and flooding in Brazil. It moved into Brazil again and dissipated the next day.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City. It existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band is:
Countries with a small Muslim population use mosques to promote civic participation. Most Muslim-majority countries in the Greater Middle East use mosques to do this.
The characters are mean versions of Pete and Dud. They are both extensions of their earlier characters.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall. He left the band before they made a studio album.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998. He was successful. He won the election.
In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a 2 vote difference. He got 1 more vote than Bourque.
Shade makes the main plot of the book start moving when he disobeyed the law and accidentally starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of the colony's home. This makes him separate from his colony and they have to move to a new place.
A female equivalent is a daughter.
He had cancer in his abdomen in April 1999. He was diagnosed with inoperable cancer.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds on the Outer Banks before the storm.
The form of chess is speed chess. Each player has 12 minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the area in South America that is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre. They were separately tried for mutiny and treason.
Damage was moderate to severe. It hit the Atlantic coast and went all the way to West Virginia. It was very damaging. It affected the Atlantic coastline and went all the way to West Virginia.
The owner is not always aware. These computers are compared to zombies. They are like zombies.
The wave went across the Atlantic. It became a tropical depression near the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated each year.
The four canonical gospels are the Gospel of Matthew, Gospel of Mark, Gospel of Luke, and Gospel of John. They are believed to have been written between AD 65 and 100. The Gospel according to the Hebrews also exists.
Eschelbronn is known for its furniture industry since the end of the 19th century. It has a lot of furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half of the town also looks like the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim. The coat of arms is also on the upper half of the town.
Neptune's clouds are unlike the clouds on Earth. They are made of ice crystals. Neptune's clouds are made of frozen methane instead of ice.
Their participation is limited until they reach legal age of adulthood.
Development stable releases are rare. But there are often Subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use. They are often stable enough to use for development.
In 1482, the Order sent him to Florence. He went to Florence, which he called 'the city of his destiny'.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks in the Soviet years. They destroyed St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in 1908 and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan from 1783 to 1807.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain. He was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara in Madrid.
This was shown in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953. It was done by Miller and Urey in 1953.
Cogeneration is a way of using a heat engine or a power station to make both heat and electricity. It's the use of a heat engine or power station to make both heat and electricity.
The male "den master" will sometimes let a second male into the den. The reason for this is not known.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript or CSS snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you involved.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal. He worked as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed when he received his award. He said he might not accept it.
Esperanto speakers started to see the language and the culture that grew up around it as a part of themselves, even if Esperanto will not be adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air wrapped around the southern part of the cyclone. It started to erode deep convection early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American writer. He is a novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun was Eva Anna Paula Hitler. She was his wife and companion. She was also his wife for a short time.
Each version of the License is given a number. This number is used to identify the version. Each version has its own distinguishing features.
Most IRC servers do not ask for a user's account. A user must set a nickname before connecting to the server.
That same year he got a mechanics certificate. He became the youngest airplane mechanic in New York. He got his mechanics certificate and became the youngest in New York.
SummerSlam is a WWE pay-per-view event. It will happen on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. SummerSlam will be held in August 2009. It will be held at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California on August 23, 2009.
He is often shown as bald with long whiskers. He is said to be a version of the Southern Polestar.
Some animals change color in different environments. Some animals change color seasonally. Some animals change color fast with their skin. The ehrne (ermine) and snowshoe hare change color in the winter. The cephalopod family has chromatophores in their skin. They change color fast in their skin
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship by beating Rikishi in a steel cage match.  Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera. Venis retained the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
This is similar to the Unix philosophy. It's like having many programs doing one thing well and working together through universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family. His mother was a singer and administrative assistant. His father was a band director at Yale. He came from a family that sang and worked in administration.
The largest number of Mennonites are in Canada, the DRC and the US. They can also be found in small communities in many countries on six continents. Mennonites are also found in tight-knit communities in many countries. They are found in 51 countries.
Naas is a major town in Dublin. Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin. Naas is a suburb of Dublin with many people living there and working in Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armor was made of oval plates. It had spikes in the neck and shoulder area. The plates were set horizontally into the skin. The spikes were near the back and back of the body. The plates were on the spine.
Irmo was founded in 1890. It was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890. The Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad opened in 1890. Irmo was founded in response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad on Christmas Eve in 1890.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Vlad lived before his final release in 1474. He started to prepare for the reconquest of Wallachia. He lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital. He lived there before he went to fight in the reconquest of Wallachia in 1474.
Modified Version:
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is a flexible tissue inside bones. It is found in the hollow part of bones.
Reflection nebulae are blue because the scattering of blue light is more effective than red light. This is the same scattering process that makes blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a town in France. It is in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. It is located in the south of France.
MacGruber asks for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb. But he is later distracted by something that makes him run out of time. He usually gets distracted by something from his personal life.
This was almost finished when Messiaen died. Yvonne Loriod took over the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holy cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf. They consider Karbala to be very special.
The PAD asked the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat to resign. They were accused by the PAD of being Thaksin's proxies.
To travel through very remote areas, you need to plan ahead and a good vehicle. This vehicle should be four wheel drive. It is usually found in isolated tracks.
While working at Kahn, he was the chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He leaves because he has to go to rehearsal. He and Dr. Schön leave together.
Britpop came from the British independent music scene in the 1990s. It was known for bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into the battalions of the XI International Brigade. It was formed from these battalions.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines. Shorter trains run on this line.
It can hold 98,772 people. It is the largest stadium in Europe. It is also the eleventh largest stadium in the world.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored as Righteous Among the Nations by the State of Israel. It was one of the Ten Places of the Righteous. Ten Boom was recognized for its bravery and kindness. In 1967, Ten Boom was awarded by Israel as one of the Righteous Among the Nations
Some articles are long and full of information while others are short and of poor quality.
About 95 species are accepted. There are approximately 95 species.
Eugowra is named after the Indigenous Australian word meaning "The place where the sand washes down the hill". It was originally named by European settlers.
Terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for moving pictures are common English words. They refer to "undies" for underwear and "movie" for moving pictures.
Jurisdiction comes from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government. It allocates resources to serve the needs of its native society.
He followed with several more pieces about Hiawatha. These included The Death of Minnehaha, the Overture to The Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju. It has a population of around 460,000 people.
Farrenc was paid less than men for nearly a decade. She was paid less money than men.
Gumbasia was made by a man named Vorkapich. He taught a style called Kinesthetic Film Principles. Gumbasia was created.
The lawyer, Brandon, became his idol. He grew up to be a lawyer. MK Sun was his lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire. It is located in the township of Cabonne. ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is in the state of New South Wales. It is
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002. He enlisted.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes near the mountain.
People used calculators before the pocket calculator. It was the most used tool in science and engineering before that.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display. It has longer battery life. The display also has faster page-refreshing. There's a text-to-speech feature. The thickness of the Kindle 2 has been reduced to 0.36 inches. The display thickness has been reduced to 0.8
Yoghurt is a food made from milk. It is made by fermenting milk with bacteria.
There are 75 defensemen in the Hall of Fame. More than any other position, 75 defensemen are in the Hall of Fame. Only 35 goalies have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been discussed throughout history. But they were rejected by mainstream Christian groups.
The album was banned from many stores. It was not sold in many places.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations. He said Stern talked about his move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's. "Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March", Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005. System-wide sales of Tim Hortons surpassed those of McDonald's Canadian operations in 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He follows the rule of all firemen: never leave a partner behind.
He won the presidential election on March 2, 2008. He got 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is considered a living fossil. It is old.
She was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990. She was the only woman allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
Stravinsky wrote the ballet in 1913. He first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests happened all over the country. The protests were stopped.
Offenbach's operettas, like Orpheus in the Underworld and La belle Hélène, were very popular in France and England during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty have been found in China. They were found west of the city of Chang'an. The symbols on the tiles are from the Tang Dynasty. Chang'an is now known as Xi'an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and music teacher. She was born on February 13, 1921. She died on November 11, 1968.
It was very hard to control the instrument.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest church in Assisi. It is the earliest known church.
The radar observations show a pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette is a monthly business journal that covers the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide. It is published by the Railway Gazette International.
He was made a Companion of Honour (CH) in 1988.
Loèche has the installations of Onyx, the Swiss electronic intelligence gathering system. Onyx is the harbors of the installations of Loèche. Onyx is the Swiss system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small box made of cardboard. It has a rough surface on the outside and contains matches. It is used to hold a quantity of matches.
She was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She was defiant. She vowed not to give up the Commune. She dared the judges to send her to death.
There is a three volume original English-language manga series about Graystripe. This series follows Graystripe. Graystripe was taken by Twolegs in Dawn until he came back to ThunderClan. He was part of Graystripe's Trilogy.
Samovar and Porter wrote in 1994. Syrians did not live in small groups in cities. Many immigrants who worked as peddlers were able to talk to Americans every day.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture as well.
She had many illnesses as a child. She had two episodes of collapsed lungs. She had pneumonia 4-5 times a year. She had a ruptured appendix. She had a tonsil cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University says that the need for nest boxes shows that logging is not environmentally sustainable. It means that keeping hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum is needed for conservation.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team from Montreal, Quebec, Canada. They are based in Montreal, Quebec. The Canadiens are a professional hockey team.
Small value inductors can also be made on integrated circuits using the same processes as making transistors.
The word "gribble" was given to the wood-boring species. It was first described from Norway by Rathke in 1799. The first species was Limnoria lignorum.
The wounds from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt force trauma injuries. They are called wounds from a club.
After that, the county's administration was in Duns or Lauder. Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple Axel in competition yet.
The Port Jackson District Commandant could talk to all the military bases in the harbor. He could talk to all the military installations from the telephone exchange.
Even if people enter a mosque without praying, there are still rules that apply.
It is pointed in shape and about the size of a rabbit. It is small.
Computer performance is how much useful work a computer system does compared to the time and resources used.
Some big reservoirs are located near the Volga river.
The crosser symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can be very dark brown or very pale pink. It ranges from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank. They got a grant from the Ford Foundation. ShoreBank is a community development bank in Chicago. It helped Yunus make the bank official. Yunus got help from ShoreBank from Chicago. They helped Yunus make the bank. They got
Bremer said he planned to put Saddam in a trial, but said the details had not been decided yet.
Representatives of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association vote for the All-Star Team at the end of the season. They choose the best players in the league.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan are near Afghanistan to the north. Iran is to the west. Pakistan is to the south. China is to the east. They share a border with Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, and the People's Republic of China.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000. It was owned by Bomis, Inc, a web portal company. Nupedia was formed under Bomis, Inc ownership in 2000.
The design has several key-dependent S-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He plays rugby union for Bristol Rugby in the Premiership. Grieve is a back-rower.
There are other nearby settlements called Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil. They are near each other.
The quark model was first proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964. They proposed it in 1964.
The fourth ring was covered with golden garlands. It was added in 1938-39. The column was moved to its current location then.
West Berlin had its own postal service. It issued its own stamps until 1990. West Germany had its own postal service and issued its own stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli. It is about 1482.
New South Wales is the largest city and the capital of Sydney.
The polymer is often epoxy, but other types like polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon are also used.
The name is still used for a related TV, radio, and website. It is still alive after the death of the magazine. It continues to exist as a TV, radio, and website. It has survived the end of the magazine.
He was left alone at four and a half years old. He stayed on the streets of northern Italy for four years. He lived in many orphanages and walked with other homeless children in towns.
Stands were added after goals in the 1980s and 1990s. They were added to the ground during the 1980s and 1990s. The ground was being modernized.
A town can be called a market town or a town with market rights even if it no longer has a market. The right to have a market still exists.
A new fort was built on the eastern side. It was later built.
The Battle of Stiklestad took place on July 29 in Norway. Olav Haraldsson lost to his pagan vassals and was killed in the battle.
Others said Treska was eliminated by the NKVD as a revenge for criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
This made Montenegro and Serbia independent countries. They became independent from each other.
<p>Use HTML and CSS sparingly and only with good reason.</p>
Schuschnigg said that there were no riots. He claimed that the reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb of London in the Croydon borough of England. It is located in England. Addiscombe is part of the London Borough of Croydon.
A constituent is a person living in a place ruled by a politician. It can also mean a person who is represented by the politician. It can also mean a person who is served by the politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz. He is a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Santino also had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3. He was a passenger in the movie.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm. They shot the scene while riding on Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita. They used a hovercraft and attached a long arm to the trailer. They filmed the scene on Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published the next year in a book called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps and others. It was published in Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
Wario Land is a platforming series. It started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3. Wario Land is a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Chopin's Opus 57 is a piano piece for solo. It is a berceuse.
These attacks could have been psychological in nature. They may not have been physical in origin.
A historian said that quinine's effectiveness allowed colonists to move to the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies show that there are hydrated minerals and silicates. This means that the surface of the material is made of stone.
She became the editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel. She was the editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel. Her husband's works were published by Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is similar to the Moon in appearance. It is heavily cratered. It has no natural satellites. It does not have an atmosphere.
The town is in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zurich. It is located between Baden and Zurich.
These animals need a good habitat for them. Chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull are all found in these habitats.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate. Then it was ruled by Mughals in 1608.
The Prime Minister stays in office until he or she gets the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery. It also shows that Harry is selfless and compassionate. Harry retrieves Cedric's corpse and this shows that he is brave and shows kindness to him.
On June 1, 1972, they were arrested after a shootout in Frankfurt. After a long fight, they were caught by police. Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were arrested along with RAF members in Frankfurt on June 1, 1972.
They formed New Music Manchester. This group was made up of people who were into contemporary music.
A compact and intense hurricane damaged the upper Florida Keys. The storm surge was 18 to 20 feet. It affected the region.
It is now Meher Baba's site. It also has a tomb-shrine and facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been completely restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second woman in the United States to land a triple Axel jump in competition.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts. It is located in Essex County. Salem is a U.S. city.
There are 49 species of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the Caribbean. It is about 300 miles east of Puerto Rico. It is located in the northeast Caribbean.
These PDFs cannot be shared without further modification because they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested for participating in an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner. He was arrested by Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger because he was involved in a robbery. Ben was in with Frank Gardiner when the robbery happened.
Heavy rain fell in Britain on October 5. It caused flood waters to accumulate in some areas.
The USB installer in version 2009.1 allows you to create a Live USB. It also saves your configuration and personal data if desired.
The seats were distributed as follows.
A fee is the amount paid for services, such as a doctor's honorarium, lawyer's fee, or consultant's fee. It is the payment for their services, especially for a doctor's or lawyer's services.
Ohio State's library system has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus. These libraries are located within the Ohio State campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's rule, but Scotland was able to defeat the Norse and make a good peace with them.
The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed", and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, MINIX became free and open source software under a permissive free software license. It was not as good as other operating systems by that time. It was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body is brown, it can be from medium brown to goldish to white. It can also have dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was mainly a Scottish company. It used the thistle logo, the Scottish floral emblem.
The warning area was moved southwards after it was issued on September 22. It was then canceled after it hit the land on September 23. It was moved further south after Jose got stronger.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune said U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders said that Mark 77 firebombs were used on Iraqi Republican Guards during the early stages of war.
The later provided audiences with the kind of information that later was given by intertitles. This helps historians to imagine what the film was like.
Real estate, businesses and other assets in underground economies of the Third World cannot be used as collateral to raise money to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He ran from Sydney Cove several times before he was killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp. They told the police to let them stay.
The second game started, the "midget-in-a-cake" act was not good enough for Veeck's usual standard.
Joss Whedon said "Fray is not over, Fray is coming back." He is promoting the charity Equality Now. Fray is a TV show and it will return.
A mutant is a type of fictional character in Marvel comics.
The SAT Reasoning Test is a test for college admissions in the United States. It is a standardized test for college admissions.
Civil unrest in northern Italy leads to the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder. These songs are sung by wandering bands of Flagellants. They are penitential songs.
Some reports say that several things can increase the chance of both paralysis and hallucinations.
He went to Australia for 7 years.
Charles had been looking for love in those days. He first met Sebastian in the low door in the wall. This door led to an enclosed and enchanted garden. It was a metaphor that told us about the work on several levels.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was important in her life. It was also a factor in her life.
The dorsal refers to the parts of an animal that are on the back. It includes the structures that are on the back side of the animal.
The word "protein" was made by Berzelius. He thought that all proteins had the same formula and might be made of one type of very large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, they stayed hidden for 16 months. They avoided capture.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in the region of Normandy in France. It is located in the northwestern part of France.
Color ranges from orange to pale yellow. It goes from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, a new road was added. It went from Union station to University Avenue and Queen's Park. It curved north to near Bloor Street. It turned west to end at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a part of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line went through the Simpson Desert. It passed along the western side of the desert.
It is on an old portage trail. It is on a trail that went west through the mountains to Unalakleet. It is located on an old trail that went west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of having an arrhythmia or having a sudden death from a heart attack.
It was the largest part in Mesoamerica. It covered a wide and varied landscape. It included the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre and the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site. They also mentioned it on their official blog. They announced the early release of the comic.
Anyone can register a pedigree at the college. They are checked and verified internally. They need official proof before it can be changed.
The book "Political Economy" was published in 1985. It was not adopted in the classroom.
He toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 for the first time in the Soviet Union. He toured with the IPO again in 1994. He performed in Moscow and Leningrad with the IPO. He performed in China and India with the IPO.
The Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to Napoleon's Grand Army at Ulm. He took 30,000 prisoners and lost 10,000 soldiers. Napoleon won the battle and took over 30,000 prisoners and killed 10,000 soldiers.
It has been the economic center of northern Nigeria. It is also a center for groundnut production and export.
Most Indians in South speak one of the five Dravidian languages. Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu are the languages they speak.
Meteora got many awards and honors.
After a short fight, the WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman. They wrote many songs together.
The Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
From 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were built on campus. These included facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, big hospital and library buildings, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois. It is located in Scott County. United States.
Arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name. It comes from the name Arzash. This name is similar to the names Arsene and Arsissa. The ancients used to call part of Lake Van as Arsashkun.
There were 16,421 participants in the national casting. She was chosen from 15 candidates to appear on the TV show. She was one of the 16,421 participants. She was selected from 15 candidates to be on the TV show.
Its episodes were on the ABC network from its start on September 21, 1993 until March 1, 2005.
The latter device can be made and used in less harsh environments.
Gimnasia hired famous Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana and then Julio César Falcioni. They had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Iowa. It is located in Washington County. It is in the United States.
She appeared in several music videos. She was in "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde got its town charter. It was the 750th anniversary of the village. Glinde received a town charter on that day.
Pauline came back in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994. She also appeared in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. At this time, the character is called "Mario's friend".
The vagina is very stretchy. It can stretch many times its normal size during childbirth.
His birth date was not recorded, but it is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a drug or other substance is needed to stop a certain biological process or part of a process. It tells us how much of that substance is needed to stop a particular enzyme, cell, receptor, or microorganism from working.
The names suggest that they are in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern. Some of the Bernese Alps are in the nearby cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
He had one daughter. He was named Mary Ann Fisher Power. He was named after his mother, Ann Power.
Edward Gorey said that Bawden was one of his favorite artists. He said that not many people remembered or knew about this artist. Bawden was one of Edward Gorey's favorite artists. He was sad that not many people remembered or knew about this artist.
The string can vibrate in different modes. A guitar string can also produce different notes. Each mode looks like a different particle. An electron, photon, gluon, etc. appear in different modes.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination for his role in 1935's Mutiny on the Bounty. He was also nominated for his role in that movie.
