The armed conflict has one side consisting mainly of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group from the northern Rizeigat region's Afro-Arab Abbala tribes.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, where able-bodied Muslims must visit at least once in their lifetime.
The Great Dark Spot is a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next work Saturday shows a day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula spun a black cord and attached it to the ball, then crawled fast to the east, pulling with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They are similar to the people of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal since 2000 also gets the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
The dancers follow the drummers, who play tiny drums that make almost no sound and have elaborate and acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft has two main elements: the NASA Cassini orbiter and the ESA Huygens probe. The Cassini orbiter is named after Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the Huygens probe is named after Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola is an Italian former football player.
The debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943 and graduated with a BA in anthropology.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party in favor of a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but against EU withdrawal.
Many species vanished by the end of the nineteenth century.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua is very competitive.
The NRC is an independent private foundation.
It is at the coast of the Baltic Sea, surrounding the city of Stralsund.
He was named Sportsman of the Year by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so Thailand will be decorated with yellow on his birthday.
Both names became defunct in 2007 when they merged into The National Museum of Scotland.
Tagore emulated numerous styles including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from Canada and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union on October 14, 1960.
She performed for President Reagan in the 1988 Great Performances at the White House series on Public Broadcasting Service.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a Diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
Despina was discovered in late July 1989 from Voyager 2 images.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship was held on 4 September 1921 in Brescia.
He completed two collections of short stories: The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east of Western Australia, near the South Australian border, do not follow official Western Australian time as far as Caiguna.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell are used to create mosaics and inlays for walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to find Captain Qwark to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It's not a true louse.
He supports a user-centered design process in product development and promotes interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It's possible the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone you've never met.
Assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and Inner Hebrides by the Minch, Little Minch, and Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
Formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the IAU's Minor Planet Center.
Wind shear increased dramatically and a weakening trend started early on September 30.
Each entry has a piece of data that copies the data from a backing store.
Many mosques do not enforce violations, but men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby.
The report consists of four reports, three from working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson Pierre Joliot is a biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign. Many were printed.
The International Fight League was the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Cameron has worked in Christian-themed productions like Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War. He plays Cameron "Buck" Williams.
This was the area east of the Vistula River, also called "Prussia proper".
He returned to Yerevan to teach at the Conservatory and later became artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the accounts in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke.
Weelkes got into trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for heavy drinking and bad behavior.
The celebrity episodes include Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it in images from Voyager 1 taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The official release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's website on 16 June 2009.
He is a member of 183 Club.
The Apostolic Tradition attributes singing Hallel psalms with Alleluia as a refrain in early Christian agape feasts to Hippolytus.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and defended the northern region of France against other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America Special English.
Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones from child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid discovered by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in Graubünden, Switzerland.
It remains in the Czech Republic as Bohemian Switzerland.
This leads to consumer confusion when 220 bytes is referred to as 1 MB instead of 1 MiB.
The incident has been reported on ethics in scholarship.
They are neutered to make the animal more docile or gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities. Seventh sons of seventh sons are rare and powerful.
PassMark Software benchmarks highlight the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time and 7 MB memory usage.
Volterra is a town in Italy.
Itch and pain were not considered independent until recently, when it was found that itch has similarities with pain but differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous. It lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps catch ants and termites that adhere to it.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate loop on 30 May 2006.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson outside the ground. They were former Ipswich Town and England managers.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, toys, massages and a rock band for those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in Pays-de-la-Loire region of France.
Buildings are built on the bypass if there are no strong land use controls, making it an ordinary town road and possibly as congested as the local streets.
It's a starting point for people exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises usually cause pain but are not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information on these web pages.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover who became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and have poor vision.
They are tough as biological materials only by chitin.
Oregano is important in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for National Rail, Docklands Light Railway, and Oyster card.
He produced and published these works himself. His larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
Historians use techniques and guidelines to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The weight of the continental icecap on Lake Vostok contributes to high oxygen concentration.
The population was 89,148 as of 2000.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not being interested in it.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
It will dislodge itself and sink to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research shows children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, or care about.
Landis' father is a hearty supporter of his son and considers himself one of Floyd's biggest fans.
The outer convection of the hurricane became ragged shortly after it reached Category 4 status.
The wage is the equilibrium price for labor.
They decided to publish their findings in a book An Adventure (1911) under the names Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and focused on practical teaching.
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered area.
In 1438, Trevi was under the Church's temporal rule as part of Perugia's legation. Its history then merged with the Church's states, then with the united Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a non-convective circulation and dissipated the next day over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The band's lineup includes Flynn (vocals, guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel (guitar), and Dave McClain (drums).
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries in the Greater Middle East.
The characters are mean versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall but quit before releasing a studio album.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998 and won.
Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by two votes, one of which was first place.
Shade defies the law, starting a chain of events that destroys his colony's home, forces premature migration, and separates him from them.
A daughter is the female equivalent.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in 1999.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds before the storm arrived.
Speed chess is played with twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries in South America.
Two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for the 1979 coup and 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage along the Atlantic coastline and into West Virginia.
The owner is unaware, so these computers are compared to zombies.
A wave traveled across the Atlantic and became a tropical depression off Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated each year.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Gospel of Mark, Gospel of Luke, and Gospel of John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry since the end of the 19th century.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of Oberbarnim.
Neptune's cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane, unlike Earth's clouds which are of ice crystals.
Their participation is limited until they are of legal age.
Development stable releases are rare. There are often Subversion snapshots that are stable to use.
He was sent to Florence in 1482, the city of his destiny.
The Bolsheviks demolished two landmarks in Rostov - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, and was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The Miller-Urey experiment was done by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
Cogeneration is using a heat engine or power station to make both electricity and useful heat.
The male "den master" sometimes lets a second male into the den, the reason is unclear.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript or CSS snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some useful links to help you.
He was prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1946 and 1946 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James appointed him Gentleman of the Chapel Royal. He was an organist from 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed and said he might not accept the award.
Later, Esperanto speakers saw the language and culture as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is not adopted by the United Nations or other organizations.
Dry air wrapped around the cyclone's southern edge erased most of the deep convection by September 12.
Calvin Baker is a novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun died 30 April 1945. She was longtime companion and briefly wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version has a distinguishing number.
Most IRC servers do not require registration but users must set a nickname to connect.
He received a mechanics certificate that year, becoming the youngest airplane mechanic in New York.
SummerSlam (2009) is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event by World Wrestling Entertainment at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California on August 23, 2009.
He is usually bald with long whiskers, an incarnation of the Southern Polestar.
A few animals change color in changing environments, either seasonally or rapidly with chromatophores in their skin.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain WWF Intercontinental Championship (14:10). Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This resembles the Unix philosophy of multiple programs doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family. His mother LaRue was an administrative assistant and singer. His father Keith Brion was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, Democratic Republic of Congo and the US. Mennonites also live in at least 51 countries on six continents or among the populations of those countries.
Naas is a major suburb town with many people living there and working in Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armour was oval plates set into the skin with spikes from the neck and shoulder area along the spine.
Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 due to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills from the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Vlad lived in a house in the Hungarian capital with his new wife before his final release in 1474 and started preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia.
You can add a passage up to five words as Front-Cover Text and up to 25 words as Back-Cover Text.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is a flexible tissue in the hollow part of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France.
MacGruber asks for simple objects to defuse the bomb but is distracted and runs out of time.
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died. Yvonne Loriod did the final movement's orchestration with George Benjamin's advice.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala one of their holiest cities after Mecca, Medina and Jerusalem.
The PAD called for the resignation of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat who were accused of being proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas on isolated tracks requires advance planning and a reliable vehicle.
He was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He leaves for rehearsal, he and Dr. Schön go.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the 1990s, influenced by British guitar pop of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into the battalions of XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two lines and shorter trains are run.
It is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world with a capacity of 98,772.
Ten Boom was honored as one of the Righteous Among the Nations by the State of Israel in December 1967.
Some articles are long and rich, while others are short and of lesser quality.
95 species are accepted.
Eugowra is named after the Indigenous Australian word for "The place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are common in English.
Jurisdiction gets its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches to allocate resources for its native society.
He wrote several other pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to The Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created in a style taught by Vorkapich called Kinesthetic Film Principles.
Brandon became MK Sun's idol, and MK Sun became a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township near Cowra in central west New South Wales, Australia in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were digging along the Peel River and up the mountain.
It was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering before the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20% faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and is 0.36 inches thick.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position. Thirty-five goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed but were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations in late 2004 due to his talks about moving to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's. Tim Hortons' IPO was confirmed by March. System-wide sales surpassed McDonald's Canadian sales as of 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and follows the rule "Never leave your partner behind".
He won the election on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
She was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
Stravinsky conceived the ballet in 1913.
Protests were stopped across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas like Orpheus in the Underworld and La belle Hélène were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol were found west of ancient Chang'an (modern-day Xian).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest existing church in Assisi.
Radar observations show a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering railway, metro, and tram industries.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche has Onyx, the Swiss system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches with a coarse striking surface.
She was one of the first doctors to object to smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed to never give up the Commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three-volume English-language manga series about Graystripe. It follows him from being taken by Twolegs in Dawn until he returns to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not live in urban enclaves; many immigrant peddlers interacted with Americans daily.
He was famous for prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture.
She had collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from Australian National University says logging practices are not ecologically sustainable because they harm hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes as transistors.
The term gribble was assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first described species from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
The wounds from a club are bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county administration was at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple Axel in competition.
The Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all harbour installations from the telephone exchange.
There are rules for those who enter the mosque prayer hall without praying.
It is pointed and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is the amount of work done by a system compared to time and resources used.
Some of the largest reservoirs are along the Volga.
The crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can be very dark brown or very pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank helped Yunus with the incorporation of the bank from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial but said the details were not determined.
Representatives of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association choose the All-Star Team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and China to the east.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000 by Bomis, Inc.
Key-dependent S-boxes and a complex key schedule are notable features.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana, is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby.
Other nearby settlements are Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
Physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its current location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration until 1990, issuing its own stamps.
The Primavera is a painting by Sandro Botticelli c. 1482.
Sydney is the largest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other polymers like polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon are also used.
The name lives on as a brand for a digital TV channel, radio station, and website after the magazine ended.
He was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for four years, living in orphanages and towns with other homeless children.
Stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
A town can be a market town or have market rights if the right still exists even if it no longer holds a market.
A bastion was built later on the eastern approaches.
Battle of Stiklestad (Norway): Olav Haraldsson loses to pagan vassals and is killed.
Others think Tresca was eliminated by the NKVD for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS only when necessary.
Schuschnigg said reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, England.
Another meaning of constituent is a citizen living in the area governed, represented, or served by a politician, sometimes limited to those who elected the politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone appeared in the 2003 film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al. the next year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of Super Mario Land.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a piano piece.
These attacks may be psychological rather than physical.
A historian said quinine gave colonists opportunities to swarm into the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of west Africa.
Spectroscopic studies show evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, indicating a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is similar to the Moon, it is heavily cratered with smooth plains, has no satellites and no atmosphere.
The town is in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
These provide habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The Prime Minister stays in office as long as the lower house supports them.
This scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and selflessness by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
He and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were caught after a shootout in Frankfurt on June 1, 1972.
They formed New Music Manchester, a group for contemporary music.
The compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys. A storm surge of 18-20 feet affected the region.
It is the site of Meher Baba's samadhi and facilities for pilgrims.
The main church dome has been fully restored.
Meissner became the second American woman to do the triple Axel in national competition in 2005.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts.
Forty-nine pipefish and nine seahorses have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, 300 km east of Puerto Rico.
These PDFs cannot be distributed if they contain images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 by Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell in parts of Britain on October 5, causing flood waters.
Version 2009.1 has a USB installer to create a Live USB where user configuration and personal data can be saved.
The seats were distributed as follows: FDP: 2 members, CVP: 2 members, SP: 2 members, and SVP: 1 member.
A fee is the price paid for services, especially honorarium for a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or member of a learned profession.
Ohio State's library system has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship, but Scotland rejected a Norse invasion and made a favorable peace deal.
The album singles were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
MINIX became free and open source in April 2000 as permissive software license but other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities, it was mainly for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to beige-white with dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise symbolized by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended south as Jose intensified before being canceled after landfall on September 23.
The San Diego Union Tribune alleged in August 2003 that U.S. Marine pilots and commanders confirmed using Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards.
The latter gave audiences the type of information later provided by intertitles and helps historians imagine what the film was like.
Real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World cannot be used as collateral to raise capital for industrial and commercial expansion.
He ran from Sydney Cove several times before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan ordered the police to surrender.
The press agreed the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance wasn't up to Veeck's usual promotional standard before the second game started.
Joss Whedon confirmed in a short video that Fray is not done and is coming back.
A mutant is a type of fictional character in Marvel Comics.
The SAT is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy creates Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering Flagellant bands.
Reports say factors can increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
He went to Australia for seven years.
Waugh says Charles was looking for love when he met Sebastian, finding a low door in the wall that led to an enclosed and enchanted garden, a metaphor that informs the work on several levels.
Her friendship with Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was important in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures on or growing from the side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" because Mulder noticed all proteins have the same empirical formula and may be made of one type of large molecule.
The gang laid low for 16 months after the Jerilderie raid.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in Basse-Normandie region of France.
Color is orange to pale yellow.
An extension was added in 1963 from Union station, below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, turning west to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
A section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line was on the western side of the Simpson Desert before 1980.
It is on an old portage trail leading west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
It encompassed a vast and varied landscape from the Sierra Madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and their site on the blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college, which is internally audited and requires official proofs before being changed.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985 but had limited adoption.
He toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 and 1994, performing in Moscow, Leningrad, China, and India.
Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to Napoleon at Ulm, taking 30,000 prisoners and killing 10,000.
It is the economic centre of northern Nigeria and produces and exports groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, or Tulu.
Meteora won multiple awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Most songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
Many new facilities were constructed on campus from 1900 to 1920, including dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, natural sciences building, Hill Auditorium, hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois.
Name Arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka formed from the proper name Arzash, recalling the ancient names Arsene, Arsissa for part of Lake Van.
She was chosen from 16,421 participants among 15 candidates to appear on the TV show.
Episodes were broadcast on ABC from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
Gimnasia hired Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but they had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She was in several music videos including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979.
Pauline returned in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994 and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. She is now described as Mario's friend.
The vagina is very elastic and stretches to many times its normal size during vaginal birth.
His real birth date was never recorded, believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure shows how much of a drug or substance is needed to stop a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps are not only in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern, but also in the cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann.
Edward Gorey mentioned Bawden as one of his favorite artists and said few people remember or know about him.
A string can vibrate in different modes like a guitar string producing different notes, and each mode appears as a different particle such as electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination for portraying Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty in 1935.
