One side of the conflict is made up of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed. The Janjaweed is a Sudanese militia group. It is mostly made up of people from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes in the northern Rizeigat region of Sudan.
Jeddah is the main entrance to Mecca, Islam's holiest city. Muslims who are able-bodied are required to visit Mecca at least once in their lifetime.
The Great Dark Spot is believed to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.
His next movie is about a very busy day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord. He attached it to the ball and then crawled away quickly to the east. He pulled on the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later. He died on January 13, 888.
They are like the people from the coastal areas of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the person who gets the Kate Greenaway Medal also receives the Colin Mears Award. The value of the Colin Mears Award is £5000.
The people following the drummers are dancers. They often play the sogo, a small drum that makes almost no sound. They have more elaborate and sometimes acrobatic dance moves.
The spacecraft has two main parts.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola was born on November 8, 1942. He is an Italian former football player.
It was thought that the debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham went to Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. He graduated with a BA in anthropology.
The BZÖ is different from the Freedom Party.
By the end of the nineteenth century, many species had disappeared due to European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Admission to Tsinghua University is very competitive.
The NRC is now an independent, private foundation.
It is located at the coast of the Baltic Sea. It surrounds the city of Stralsund.
He was named "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport. It is thought to have come from the same beginnings as many racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on a Monday. On his birthday, the whole of Thailand will be decorated with the color yellow.
The names became defunct in 2007. They were merged into The National Museum of Scotland.
Tagore emulated many styles. These styles included craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from the west coast of Canada (British Columbia), and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the idea of the Peace Corps on October 14, 1960. He did this on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in the 1988 Great Performances at the White House series.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship by defeating Eddie Guerrero and Chyna. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a Diving elbow drop at 8:10.
She stayed in the United States until 1927. She and her husband went back to France then.
Despina was found in late July 1989 from images taken by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship was held on September 4, 1921, at Brescia.
He wrote two collections of short stories.
The Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as a long object.
The British decided to get rid of him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, near the South Australian border almost as far as Caiguna, do not follow official Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and shiny shell were used to make mosaics and inlays. These were used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
Other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank is afraid that Drek will destroy the galaxy. He asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark. This is so he can stop Drek.
It is not a true louse.
He supports using a user-centered design process in product development.
It is possible that the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone you have never met in person, who is half a world away.
This group looks at the scientific parts of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides. It is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter named Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center gives out formal minor planet designations. These are number-name combinations. They are overseen by the IAU. The IAU is a branch of the Minor Planet Center.
By September 30, wind shear started to increase dramatically. A weakening trend began then.
Each entry has a piece of data. It is a copy of the data in a storage system.
Many mosques do not enforce violations. However, when men and women visit a mosque, they must follow these guidelines.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy book by Brian Jacques. It was published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
This report is made up of four reports. Three of them are from the working groups.
Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Her grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a biochemist. He was named after Pierre Curie.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign. Many quantities were printed.
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion. It was the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite. It lives in and reproduces in the small intestine. It causes giardiasis.
Cameron has worked in Christian-themed productions. These include the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War. He plays Cameron "Buck" Williams in these movies.
This was the area east of the Vistula River. It was sometimes called "Prussia proper" later.
After graduation, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory. Later, he was made the artistic director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is from the biblical accounts in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke.
Weelkes got into trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities because of his heavy drinking and immoderate behavior.
These "celebrity" episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott found it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show. It was hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The official release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's website on June 16, 2009.
He is a member of another boyband called 183 Club.
The Apostolic Tradition, written by the theologian Hippolytus, says that people sang Hallel psalms with Alleluia as the repeat phrase in early Christian agape feasts.
Rollo swore loyalty to Charles. He became a Christian. He promised to defend the northern part of France against other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America (VoA) Special English.
Disney got a full-size Oscar statue and seven small ones. They were given to him by child actress Shirley Temple. She was 10 years old.
It was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is a district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.
It continues as Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This causes consumer confusion when 220 (1,048,576) bytes is referred to as 1 MB (megabyte) instead of 1 MiB.
The incident has been the topic of many reports about ethics in scholarship.
They are neutered so that the animal is more calm or can gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities. They are called "knacks". Seventh sons of seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
PassMark Software did a benchmark.
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
The sensations of itch and pain were not thought to be separate until recently. It was found that itch has some things in common with pain, but it also has some differences.
The tongue is sticky because of the glycoprotein-rich mucous on it. This mucous lubricates movement in and out of the snout. It also helps to catch ants and termites, which stick to it.
The same tram derailed on May 30, 2006, at the Starr Gate loop during previous trials.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and a live rock band performance to those at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a town in the Sarthe department. It is in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along the bypass. This turns it into an ordinary town road. The bypass may become just as congested as the local streets it was meant to avoid.
It is a starting point for those who want to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises usually cause pain, but they are not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia can be held responsible for your use of the information on these web pages.
George Frideric Handel was the Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover. He later became the Kapellmeister for George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small. They have poor eyesight.
They are equal in toughness as biological materials.
Oregano is a necessary ingredient in Greek food.
Tickets can be bought for National Rail services, the Docklands Light Railway, and on an Oyster card.
He created and published these works by himself. His larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
The historical method is the way historians use techniques and guidelines to research and write history.
The weight of the continental icecap on top of Lake Vostok is thought to be a factor in the high oxygen concentration.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not wanting to read.
Mifepristone is a man-made steroid. It is used as a medicine.
It will come loose and sink back to the river bed to eat its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and/or care about.
Landis' father is now a big supporter of his son. He considers himself one of Floyd's biggest fans.
The outer part of the hurricane became rough soon after it reached Category 4 status.
The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
They thought the grounds were haunted. So, they wrote a book called An Adventure (1911) about it. They wrote it under the names Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He moved to London. He mainly taught practical lessons there.
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered area.
In 1438, Trevi was under the rule of the Church as part of the legation of Perugia. After that, its history combined with the history of the States of the Church. In 1860, it joined the United Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th. It had no convection. It disappeared the next day over Brazil. There, it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City. It existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current band members are Flynn (vocals, guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel (guitar), and Dave McClain (drums).
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely to use mosques to encourage civic participation than Muslim-majority countries in the Greater Middle East.
The characters are rude versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall. He quit the band before they released a studio album.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State. He won.
In 1990, Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy by two votes. The difference was one first-place vote.
Shade starts the story by breaking the law. He does this impulsively. This makes a chain of events happen. The events lead to the destruction of his colony's home. This causes the colony to leave early. It also causes Shade to leave his colony. He is separated from them.
The female version is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
Before the storm, the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds on the Outer Banks.
The form of chess played is speed chess. Each competitor has twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is the area in South America that is drained by the Amazon River and its rivers.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason.
Damage from the storm was moderate to severe. It affected the Atlantic coastline and went as far as West Virginia.
The owner is often unaware. These computers are compared to zombies.
The wave moved across the Atlantic. It formed into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated every year.
The four main texts are the Gospel of Matthew, the Gospel of Mark, the Gospel of Luke, and the Gospel of John. They were probably written between AD 65 and 100. The Gospel according to the Hebrews is also considered one of the texts.
Eschelbronn was well known for its furniture manufacturing industry at the end of the 19th century.
The upper half looks like the coat of arms of the old district Oberbarnim.
The clouds on Earth are made of crystals of ice. Neptune's cirrus clouds are different. They are made of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they become adults.
Development stable releases are not common. There are often Subversion snapshots that are stable enough to use.
In 1482, the Order sent him to Florence. It was the 'city of his destiny'.
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two important buildings in Rostov.
He died on May 29, 1518, in Madrid, Spain. He was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The Miller-Urey experiment was done by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
Cogeneration, also known as combined heat and power (CHP), is when a heat engine or a power station makes both electricity and useful heat at the same time.
Sometimes, the male "den master" will also let a second male into the den. The reason for this is not clear.
A Wikipedia gadget is a piece of JavaScript and/or CSS. It can be enabled by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences.
Here are some helpful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James made him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal.
Chauvin was embarrassed to get his award. He said he might not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers started to see the language and the culture that developed around it as goals in themselves. Even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations, they saw the language and culture as their own.
Dry air wrapped around the southern edge of the cyclone on September 12. It erased most of the deep convection early on.
Calvin Baker is an American writer.
Eva Anna Paula Braun died on 30 April 1945.
Each version of the License has a unique version number.
Most IRC servers do not need users to create an account.
He got a mechanics certificate that year. He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York.
SummerSlam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event. It will be produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It will happen on August 23, 2009. It will take place at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is often shown as being bald. He has long whiskers. He is said to be an incarnation of the Southern Polestar.
Some animals can change color in different environments. This happens seasonally in some animals, like the ermine and snowshoe hare. In others, it changes quickly due to chromatophores in their skin. The cephalopod family also has this ability.
Val Venis won a Steel cage match against Rikishi to keep the WWF Intercontinental Championship. He pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera. The match ended in 14:10.
This is similar to the Unix philosophy. It has many programs that do one thing well and work together using universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family. His mother, LaRue, was an administrative assistant and a singer. His father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest groups of Mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States. Mennonites can also be found in 51 countries on six continents. They live in tight-knit communities in these countries.
Naas is a big suburb town. Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armor had oval plates that were set almost horizontally into the skin. Spikes came out from the neck and shoulder area. They were also on the spine.
Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890. It was created because of the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Before his final release in 1474, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital. He started preparing for the reconquest of Wallachia then.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is a flexible tissue inside the hollow part of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France. It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.
MacGruber asks for simple objects to make a bomb. However, he gets distracted by something related to his personal life. As a result, he runs out of time to finish making the bomb.
This was mostly finished when Messiaen died. Yvonne Loriod did the final movement's orchestration with help from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims think of Karbala as one of their holiest cities.
The PAD wanted the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat to resign.
Traveling through very remote areas on isolated tracks requires advance planning. You need a reliable vehicle, usually a four-wheel drive.
He was the chief architect of the Fisher Building in 1928.
He leaves because he has to go to rehearsal. He and Dr. Schön go together.
Britpop came from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s. It was made up of bands that were influenced by British guitar pop music from the 1960s and 1970s.
It was added to battalions being formed for the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two subway lines. It also has shorter trains.
It can hold 98,772 people.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was honored as one of the Righteous Among the Nations by the State of Israel.
Some articles are very long and have a lot of content. Others are shorter and possibly just stubs. They are of lower quality.
About 95 species are currently accepted.
Eugowra is named after an Indigenous Australian word.
Terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are common in English.
Jurisdiction gets its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government.
He wrote several other pieces about Hiawatha.
The capital of the state is Aracaju. It has a population of about...
Farrenc was paid less than her male coworkers for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was made in a style taught by Vorkapich called Kinesthetic Film Principles.
Brandon (Waise Lee) was his idol. He became a lawyer. MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township. It is near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia. It is in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
People from California, Europe, and China were also digging along the Peel River and up the mountain sides.
Before the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display.
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacteria fermenting milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame. This is more than any other current position. Only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been suggested over the centuries. They were not accepted by mainstream Christian groups.
The album was banned from many record stores across the country.
The legs are wide at the top. They are narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations. He did this because of Stern's frequent talks about moving to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He follows the rule that all firefighters should never leave their partner behind.
He won the presidential election on March 2, 2008. He got 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only female entertainer who was allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky started thinking about writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests all over the country were stopped.
Offenbach's operettas, like Orpheus in the Underworld and La belle Hélène, were very popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Old roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol were found west of the ancient city of Chang'an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and teacher.
The instrument was very hard to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest existing church in Assisi.
The iron-nickel composition of the object is mostly pure.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly magazine about the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries.
He was given the Companion of Honour (CH) in 1988.
Loèche has the installations of Onyx.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder that holds a certain number of matches. It has a rough striking surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to oppose cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She strongly said she would never give up the Commune. She challenged the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three-volume English-language manga series called Graystripe's Trilogy. It follows Graystripe. The series is about the time between when he was taken by Twolegs in Dawn and when he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not gather in urban groups. Many immigrants who worked as peddlers could interact with Americans every day.
He was also known for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
She had collapsed lungs twice in childhood. She got pneumonia 4-5 times a year. She had a ruptured appendix and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from the Australian National University says that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not environmentally sustainable. This is because they affect species that depend on hollows, like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a hockey team. They are based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small value inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors.
The term gribble was first used for the wood-boring species. This includes the first species described from Norway by Rathke in 1799. It was Limnoria lignorum.
The wounds from a club are usually called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
After that, the county's administration was done in Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has done a quadruple Axel in competition.
The Port Jackson District Commandant could call all military installations on the harbour from the telephone exchange.
Even those who enter the mosque's prayer hall without intending to pray must follow the rules.
It is pointed in the face. It is about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is the amount of useful work a computer system does compared to the time and resources used.
The biggest reservoirs in the world are along the Volga.
The crosier is a symbol of the monasteries in the region.
Human skin can be very dark brown or very pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank in Chicago helped Yunus with the official formation of the bank. They did this with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer said he planned to put Saddam on trial.
The Professional Hockey Writers' Association representatives choose the All-Star Team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north. It borders Iran to the west. It borders Pakistan to the south. It borders the People's Republic of China to the east.
Nupedia was started on March 9, 2000. It was owned by Bomis, Inc, a web portal company.
The design has key-dependent S-boxes and a very complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve was born on February 19, 1987, in Jwaneng, Botswana. He is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby towns are Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
Physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands. It was added in 1938-39 when the column was moved to its current location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration. It was separate from West Germany's. It issued its own postage stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by Italian Renaissance artist Sandro Botticelli. It was made around 1482.
The largest city in New South Wales is Sydney. It is also the capital.
Epoxy is the most common type of polymer used. Other polymers, like polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon, are also used sometimes.
The name lives on as a brand for a related digital TV channel, digital radio station, and website. These have survived the end of the printed magazine.
He was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy at four-and-a-half years old.
Goals were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground was modernized.
A town can be called a market town or have market rights if it still has the right to hold a market, even if it doesn't actually have a market.
A stronghold on the eastern approaches was built later.
On July 29, the Battle of Stiklestad in Norway takes place. Olav Haraldsson is defeated by his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle.
Some people think that Tresca was killed by the NKVD because of criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
This led to both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS only when necessary.
Schuschnigg said the reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon in England.
In some contexts, a constituent refers to a person who lives in the area a politician represents or serves. This may only include people who elected the politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz.
Sylvester Stallone was in the 2003 French film Taxi 3. He was a passenger in the movie.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft." They shot the scene while riding on Templin Highway, north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al. the following year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series. It started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3. It is a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse for piano.
These attacks may have been from a psychological source rather than a physical one.
The historian said that quinine's effectiveness gave colonists the chance to move into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of west Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have found evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates. This shows a surface composition that is mostly stony.
She was the editor of her husband's books for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the Moon. It has many craters and smooth plains. It has no moons and no strong atmosphere.
The town is in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
They provide a good home for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate. They ruled until the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The Prime Minister stays in office as long as they have the support of the lower house.
This scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery. He retrieves Cedric's body, which shows that he is selfless and compassionate.
He and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were caught on June 1, 1972, after a long shootout in Frankfurt.
They formed New Music Manchester. It was a group that focused on contemporary music.
The compact and intense hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper Florida Keys. A storm surge of 18 to 20 feet affected the region.
This is now the site of Meher Baba's samadhi (tomb-shrine) and facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been completely restored.
In 2005, Meissner was the second American woman to do the triple Axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts.
Forty-nine types of pipefish and nine types of seahorse have been found.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean.
These PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they have images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862. He was arrested because of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger's orders. Ben was with Frank Gardiner when he was arrested. They were involved in an armed robbery.
Heavy rain fell in parts of Britain on October 5. It caused the flood waters to build up in some areas.
Version 2009.1 has a USB installer to make a Live USB. If the user wants, their configuration and personal data can be saved.
The seats were distributed like this in the Federal Assembly:
A fee is the price paid for services.
Ohio State's library system has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship. Scotland stopped a Norse invasion and made a good peace deal.
The singles from the album are "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed", and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, MINIX became free and open source software under a permissive free software license. At that time, other operating systems had become more capable. It remained mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body color is medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white. It sometimes has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was mainly a Scottish company. It was shown by its thistle logo. The thistle is the floral emblem of Scotland.
The area covered by the warning on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose got stronger. It was canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune said that U.S. Marine pilots and their commanders said the Mark 77 firebombs were used on Iraqi Republican Guards during the beginning of the combat.
The latter gave audiences the kind of information that was later provided by intertitles. It can help historians imagine what the film was like.
Real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World cannot be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He ran from Sydney Cove several times. He was shot and killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp. They ordered them to give up.
Before the second game started, the press thought the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not up to Veeck's usual promotional level.
In a short video, Joss Whedon said that "Fray" is not finished. He announced that "Fray" is coming back.
A mutant is a type of character in comic books from Marvel Comics.
The SAT is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
There is civil unrest in northern Italy.
Some reports say that many things can increase the chance of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was in Australia for seven years.
Charles was looking for love when he first met Sebastian. He found a low door in the wall that opened onto an enclosed and magical garden. This is a metaphor that is used in the work on many levels.
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was a big part of her life.
The term "dorsal" refers to anatomical structures that are on or grow from the side of an animal.
Berzelius made the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins had the same empirical formula. He thought they might be made of one big molecule.
The gang stayed hidden for 16 months after the Jerilderie raid. They evaded capture.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a town in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region of France.
Color goes from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added. It curved north from Union station. It went under University Avenue and Queen's Park. It went to near Bloor Street. There, it turned west. It ended at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a part of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line was on the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail that goes west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of having arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death, or both.
It was the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica. It had a big and varied landscape. It included the mountainous areas of the Sierra Madre and the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google put the comic on Google Books and their website. They also mentioned it on their official blog. They explained why it was released early.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college. It is carefully checked and approved internally. Official proofs are needed before it can be changed.
The book "Political Economy" was published in 1985. It did not get much classroom adoption.
He toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990. He did this for their first-ever performance in the Soviet Union. The tours included concerts in Moscow and Leningrad. He toured with the IPO again in 1994. He performed in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to Napoleon's army at Ulm.
It has been the economic center of northern Nigeria for a long time.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages. These languages are Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
Meteora won many awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief standoff.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century, the Slavs began to move into the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were built on campus. These included facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, a large hospital and library, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois.
Arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name that ends in -ka. It is made from a proper name Arzash. Arzash is similar to other names like Arsene and Arsissa. The ancients used this name for part of Lake Van.
She was chosen among 15 candidates to appear on the TV show. There were 16,421 participants in the national casting.
Its episodes were on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The later device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
Gimnasia hired the famous Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana. Then they hired Julio César Falcioni. Both had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She was in several music videos. These included "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde got its town charter. It was the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline returned in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994. She also appeared in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. Now, she is called "Mario's friend".
The vagina is very elastic.
His real birth date was never recorded. It is thought to be between 1935 and 1939.
This measure shows how much of a drug or other substance (inhibitor) is needed to stop a certain biological process (or part of a process, such as an enzyme, cell, cell receptor, or microorganism) by half.
The Bernese Alps are in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern. However, parts of the Bernese Alps are also in the neighboring cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
He had one daughter. She was later named Mary Ann Fisher Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey said that Bawden was one of his favorite artists. He was sad that many people did not remember or know about this good artist.
A string can vibrate in different modes. Like a guitar string, it can produce different notes. Each mode appears as a different particle, such as an electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award in 1935 for his role as Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty.
