One side of the armed conflict is the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia mainly composed of the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes.
Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city, that able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
The Great Dark Spot represents a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work is a day in the life of a neurosurgeon.
A tarantula, a trickster character, spun a black cord, attached it to a ball, and ran east, pulling hard.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
They resemble the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
The recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal since 2000 has also been given the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
Following the drummer are dancers who play tiny drums with elaborate choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the NASA Cassini orbiter and the ESA Huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola is an Italian former football player.
It filled in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College with a BA in anthropology in 1943.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party in favor of a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty, but against withdrawing from the EU.
Many species vanished by the end of the nineteenth century.
Nils Lofgren, not Wexler, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2002
Dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Tsinghua is extremely competitive.
The Nuclear Research Centre is now an independent private foundation.
It surrounds the city of Stralsund on the Baltic Sea.
He was named Sportsman of the Year by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport believed to derive from racquet sports.
For example, the king's birthday in Thailand is always celebrated with yellow decorations.
Both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into The National Museum of Scotland.
Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings from Canada's west coast and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on Michigan Union steps.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988.
Perry Saturn won the WWF European Championship from Eddie Guerrero after a Diving elbow drop.
She and her husband returned to France in 1927.
Despina was discovered in late July 1989 by Voyager 2.
The first Italian Grand Prix took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia.
He also completed two collections of short stories entitled The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
At Voyager 2 images Ophelia as an elongated object pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia do not follow official Western Australian time.
Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
The other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to find superhero Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It's not actually a true louse.
He advocates user-centered design in product development.
The other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you may be part of a conspiracy against someone you've never met.
Working Group I: climate science and climate change.
The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides from the mainland and the Inner Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed a daughter, Alanna Marie Orton, on July 12, 2008.
Formal minor planet designations are overseen by the IAU's Minor Planet Center.
Wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began by early on September 30.
Each entry contains a copy of the datum in a backing store.
Men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques.
Ryan Prosser is a rugby player for Bristol Rugby.
Like previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three from working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics, and their grandson Pierre Joliot is a biochemist.
This stamp remained standard for the rest of Victoria's reign, many were printed.
International Fight League (IFL) was an American MMA promotion.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Cameron has worked on Christian-themed films, including Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War.
The area east of the Vistula River, also known as Prussia proper.
He taught at the local Conservatory, then became artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the Gospel of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes was in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his drinking.
The "celebrity" episodes have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered a feature on Voyager 1 images taken on March 5, 1979, while orbiting Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The official release date of The Resistance was announced on 16 June 2009.
He is a member of 183 Club.
The singing of Hallel psalms with Alleluia as the refrain in early Christian agape feasts is attested by the Apostolic Tradition, attributed to Hippolytus.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and defended northern France against Viking groups.
VoA Special English.
Disney received seven miniature Oscars from Shirley Temple.
First asteroid discovered by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in Graubünden, Switzerland.
Bohemia in the Czech Republic.
This leads to consumer confusion when referring to 1,048,576 bytes as 1 MB instead of 1 MiB.
The incident has been the subject of many reports on academic ethics.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or gain weight.
Seventh sons of seventh sons are extremely rare and powerful.
Benchmarking highlights the 2009 version's 52-second install time, 32-second scan time, and 7 MB memory utilization.
Volterra is a town in Tuscany, Italy.
Itch and pain have been historically separate, but are now known to share similarities and differences.
The tongue is sticky because of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which helps to catch insects.
The tram had derailed at Starr Gate loop on 30 May during previous trials.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson are outside the ground.
Square root of variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, and a live rock band to the stadium attendees.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays-de-la-Loire region of northwestern France.
If there are no land use controls, a bypass can become congested like the local roads it was meant to avoid.
It is a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises are usually painful but not dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else can be held responsible for using the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for the Elector of Hanover, who later became George I of Great Britain.
Their visual acuity is poor.
Bioplastics are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin.
Oregano is a key ingredient in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for National Rail, Docklands Light Railway and Oyster card.
He produced these works himself, while mostly doing commissioned woodcuts.
The historical method uses primary and secondary sources to research and write history.
The continental icecap on Lake Vostok contributes to the high oxygen concentration.
89,148.
Aliteracy is being able to read but not being interested.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
It will dislodge itself and sink to digest its food.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, and care about.
Landis' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and sees himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after reaching Category 4 status, the hurricane's outer convection became ragged.
The equilibrium price is the wage.
Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they published their findings in a book An Adventure.
He devoted himself to practical teaching in London.
Brunstad has a fast food restaurant, cafeteria, coffee bar, and grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops in the newly conquered area.
In 1438, Trevi was under the Church's temporal rule as part of the legation of Perugia, then with the States of the Church and the united Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection, and dissipated the next day over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995.
The current lineup of the band comprises Flynn (vocals, guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel (guitar), and Dave McClain (drums).
Countries with a minority Muslim population in the Greater Middle East are more likely to use mosques to promote civic participation than Muslim-majority countries.
Foul-mouthed versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall, but quit before the band released a studio album.
Culver won the 1998 Iowa Secretary of State election.
Mark Messier took the Hart Trophy over Ray Bourque by a margin of one vote in 1990.
Shade defies the law, sets off a chain of events leading to the destruction of his colony's home and his premature migration.
The female equivalent is daughter.
He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds before the storm arrived.
Speed chess is played in 12-minute games.
The Amazon Basin is the area drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries in South America.
The two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage up the Atlantic coastline and into West Virginia.
Computers are often compared to zombies because their owner is unaware of them.
The Atlantic wave organized into a tropical depression off northern Haiti on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Gospel of Mark, Gospel of Luke, and Gospel of John, likely written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of Oberbarnim.
Unlike Earth's clouds, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach legal age.
Development Stable releases are rare, but Subversion snapshots can be stable enough to use.
Finally in 1482 he was sent to Florence, the city of his destiny.
The Bolsheviks demolished two Rostov landmarks: St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, buried in San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey's 1953 experiment showed this.
Cogeneration is the simultaneous generation of electricity and heat using a heat engine or power station.
The male "den master" will occasionally allow a second male into the den, the reason for this is unclear.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and/or CSS snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your preferences.
Some useful links to facilitate your involvement.
He served as the prime minister of Egypt twice, between 1945 and 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicolaitans were moved to the mainland.
James appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal and made him organist from 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive the award and initially said he might not accept it.
Esperanto speakers began to see the language and culture as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is never adopted by the UN or other international organizations.
Dry air wrapped around the southern edge of the cyclone eroded the deep convection early on September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Hitler was Adolf Hitler's wife for a brief time.
Each version of the license has a unique version number.
Most IRC servers don't require registration, but users must set a nickname before connecting.
He became the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in New York that year.
World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) will produce SummerSlam 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California on August 23, 2009.
He is often depicted as being bald with long whiskers and is a representation of the Southern Polestar.
Some animals change color in response to their environment.
Val Venis defeated Rikishi to retain WWF Intercontinental Championship in a Steel cage match.
This closely resembles Unix philosophy of multiple small programs working together over universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family; his mother was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the US, but they also exist in communities in 51 countries on six continents.
Naas is a Dublin suburb where people live and work.
Acanthopholis's armor consisted of oval plates set into the skin, with spikes on the neck and shoulder area along the spine.
Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve 1890 in response to the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Conversely, bills proposed by the Law Commission or consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
Vlad resided with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital before reconquering Wallachia in 1474.
I'm ready when you are.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is the spongy tissue inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red.
Monteux is a commune of Vaucluse, France, in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
MacGruber is distracted from defusing the bomb to attend to personal matters.
This was substantially complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod completed the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Karbala is one of Shi'a Muslims' holiest cities after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The People's Alliance for Democracy called for the resignation of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, accusing them of being proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling in remote areas requires advance planning and a suitable vehicle.
Kahn was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself for rehearsal, and Dr. Schön leaves.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s, characterised by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into XI International Brigade battalions.
The Sheppard line has fewer users and shorter trains than the other two subway lines.
It is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world.
Ten Boom was honored as a Righteous Among the Nations by Israel in 1967.
Some articles are lengthy and rich, while others are shorter and of lesser quality.
About 95 species are currently accepted.
Eugowra is named after the Indigenous Australian word for "the place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are commonly used in English.
Jurisdiction derives its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and government branch powers to allocate resources for its native population.
He followed several other pieces about Hiawatha
The capital of the state of Goiás, Brazil, is Brasília (population 2.8 million).
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created using Kinesthetic Film Principles taught by Vorkapich.
Brandon Waise Lee became MK Sun's idol, and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township near Cowra, New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army in 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China were digging along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
The abacus was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering before the advent of the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 features a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page-refreshing, text-to-speech, and a thickness of 0.36 inches.
Yogurt is a dairy product made from milk fermented with bacteria.
Seventy-five defencemen have been inducted in the Hall of Fame, more than any other position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed, but rejected by mainstream Christian bodies throughout the centuries.
The album was banned from many stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations in late 2004 due to his upcoming move to Sirius Satellite Radio.
Wendy's opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's and surpassed its sales by 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, who never leaves his partner behind.
He won the 2008 U.S. presidential election with 71.25% of the popular vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
She was the only female entertainer allowed in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
Stravinsky conceived the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed.
Offenbach's operettas, including Orpheus in the Underworld and La belle Hélène, were popular in France and the English-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty have been found near the ancient city of Xian.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux (February 13, 1921 – November 11, 1968), French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
the instrument was nearly impossible to control
St. Mary Maggiore Church in Assisi
Characteristics of iron-nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly journal covering the global railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche harbours the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder containing matches with a striking surface.
She was a pioneering doctor who objected to smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never renounce the Commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
Graystripe's Trilogy: a three-volume original English-language manga series following Graystripe from his Twolegs abduction in Dawn to his return to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves, but many of the immigrants were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis as peddlers.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and furniture.
She had multiple health issues including collapsed lungs, pneumonia, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer (Australian National University) argues logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal, Quebec.
Small value inductors can be built on integrated circuits.
The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species described by Rathke in 1799.
The wounds inflicted by a club are known as bludgeoning injuries.
The county administration was at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
No skater has yet achieved a quadruple Axel in competition.
Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all harbour installations.
Those entering a mosque must follow rules, even if they don't intend to pray.
A rabbit-sized, pointed creature is being described.
Computer performance is how much work a computer can do compared to the time and resources it uses.
The Volga is home to some of the world's largest reservoirs.
The crosier symbolizes the monasteries of the region.
Human skin hues range from dark brown to pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank incorporated the bank under a Ford Foundation grant.
Bremer said he planned to put Saddam on trial but had not yet determined the details.
Representatives of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association select the All-Star Team at the end of the regular season.
These countries border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south and the People's Republic of China to the east.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, by Bomis, Inc, a web portal company.
Key-dependent S-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby.
Other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1939.
West Berlin had its own postal administration until 1990.
Sandro Botticelli's Primavera 1482
New South Wales's largest city and capital is Sydney.
Epoxy is the most common polymer used, but polyester, vinyl ester, and nylon are also used sometimes.
The name survives as a brand for digital television channels, radio, and a website.
At four-and-a-half years old, he lived on the streets of northern Italy for four years, surviving in various orphanages and roaming with other homeless children.
Goals had stands added behind them during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground modernised.
A town may be described as a market town or market town even if it no longer has a market, if it still has market rights.
A bastion on the eastern approaches was built later.
Olav Haraldsson killed in Battle of Stiklestad.
Others believe Tresca was killed by the NKVD as retribution for criticism of the Soviet Union's Stalin regime.
This led to the formation of two independent countries, Montenegro and Serbia.
<font size=3>Use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only with good reason</font>
Schuschnigg denied reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, London.
A constituent is a person living in an area governed by a politician, or one who elects a politician.
Prunk is a senior fellow at the Institute of European History in Mainz and the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Sylvester Stallone had a cameo appearance in the 2003 film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm and shot the scene while riding up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al. the following year.
Wario Land is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, a spin-off of the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin's Berceuse in D-flat major, Op. 57
These attacks may have been psychological.
Quinine's efficacy gave colonists opportunities to swarm into the Gold Coast, Nigeria, and other parts of west Africa.
Spectroscopic studies show evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, indicating a stony surface composition.
She edited her husband's books for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is similar to the Moon in appearance; it is heavily cratered, has no satellites, and a thin atmosphere.
The town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
These areas are ideal for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bull.
Sena dynasty, Turkish and Afghan governors, Delhi Sultanate, Mughals, 1608.
The Prime Minister stays in office only if the lower house supports them.
Harry shows bravery and selflessness by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
He and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in Frankfurt on June 1, 1972.
New Music Manchester was formed by a group committed to contemporary music.
A compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the Florida Keys, with a storm surge of 18 to 20 feet affecting the region.
Meher Baba's samadhi (tomb-shrine) and pilgrim facilities
The main church dome has been fully restored.
Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple Axel in national competition in 2005.
Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts.
Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island northeast of Puerto Rico.
These PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
Ben was arrested for an armed robbery in 1862.
Heavy rain caused flooding in Britain on October 5.
Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer that allows saving user's configuration and personal data if desired.
The FDP and CVP each had 2 seats, while the SP had 2 and the SVP had 1.
A fee is payment for services, often given to professionals.
Ohio State has 21 libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted overlordship of Norway, but Scotland repulsed a Norse invasion and brokered a favorable peace settlement.
The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed", and "Universally Speaking".
MINIX became free and open source software in April 2000, but it remained mainly for students and hobbyists as other operating systems surpassed its capabilities.
The body color varies from medium brown to beige-white, with dark brown spots on the limbs.
The Britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise symbolized by its thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
Jose intensified and affected a larger area, but the warning was later canceled.
U.S. Marine pilots and commanders allegedly used Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards in the initial stages of combat.
The latter provided the sort of information later provided by intertitles, and can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World cannot be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion.
He fled from Sydney Cove multiple times before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan surrendered to the police.
The press thought the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not up to Veeck's usual standard.
Fray is coming back.
A mutant is a fictional character in comics.
The SAT is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy leads to the emergence of Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering Flagellants.
Some factors may increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was transportation to Australia.
Waugh writes that Charles had been "in search of love" when he first met Sebastian, who introduced him to a hidden garden.
Her friendship with Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was an important factor in her life.
The term dorsal refers to the upper side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder observed that all proteins had the same empirical formula, suggesting they were likely composed of a single large molecule.
After the Jerilderie raid, the gang evaded capture for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in Calvados, Basse-Normandie, France.
Color ranges from orange to yellow.
An extension was added in 1963, curving north from Union station to Bloor Street, turning west at Queen's Park to terminate at St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, a section of the Central Australian line passed along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
An old portage trail led through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
The Yucatán Peninsula encompasses a vast and varied landscape.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and mentioned it on its official blog with an explanation.
Anyone may register a pedigree, which is carefully internally audited and requires official proof before it is altered.
The book Political Economy, published in 1985, had limited classroom adoption.
He toured the Soviet Union and China with the IPO in 1990 and 1994.
Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to Napoleon at Ulm, taking 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It has been the economic centre of northern Nigeria, a hub for groundnut production and export.
South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages — Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
Meteora won several awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
Songs were written by Richard Sherman and Robert Sherman.
In the 5th century, Slavs moved into the area.
Many new facilities were constructed on campus from 1900 to 1920, including a dental and pharmacy building, a chemistry building, a natural sciences building, Hill Auditorium, hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester, Illinois, is a city in Scott County.
Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka formed from a proper name Arzash, which recalls the name Arsene, Arsissa, applied by the ancients to part of Lake Van.
Out of 16,421 participants, she was chosen among 15 to appear on the TV show.
Its episodes were broadcast on ABC from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can then be designed for less stringent environments.
Gimnasia hired two trainers, Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni, but they had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979.
Pauline is Mario's friend in the Game Boy and Mario vs. Donkey Kong games.
The vagina stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
He was born between 1935 and 1939.
Half-life of an inhibitor
Portions of the Bernese Alps are also found in the cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
There was one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann.
Edward Gorey mentioned Bawden was one of his favorite artists and he regretted few people knew about him.
A string can vibrate in different modes like a guitar string, producing various particles such as electrons, photons, and gluons.
Gable earned an Oscar nomination for his role in Mutiny on the Bounty.
