One side of the conflict is the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes in the northern Rizeigat region of Sudan.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city. Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
The Great Dark Spot is a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, is about a successful neurosurgeon's eventful day.
The tarantula, the trickster, spun a black cord and attached it to the ball. He crawled away fast to the east, pulling the cord with all his strength.
He died six weeks later on 13 January 888.
They are like the coastal people of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the Kate Greenaway Medal winner receives the Colin Mears Award worth £5000.
The drummers are followed by dancers who play a tiny drum making almost no sound and have more elaborate choreography.
The spacecraft has two main elements: the NASA Cassini orbiter and the ESA Huygens probe.
Alessandro "Sandro" Mazzola (born 8 November 1942) is an Italian former football player.
The debris from the collision filled in the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943. He graduated with a BA in anthropology.
The BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party. It supports a Lisbon Treaty referendum but not EU withdrawal.
Many species vanished by the end of the 19th century with European settlement.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its pure form.
Tsinghua admission is very competitive.
The NRC is an independent private foundation.
It is at the coast of the Baltic Sea, surrounding the city of Stralsund.
He was named Sportsman of the Year by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport that comes from the same origins as many racquet sports.
King Bhumibol was born on a Monday. His birthday in Thailand is decorated with yellow color.
Both names became defunct in 2007 when they merged into The National Museum of Scotland.
Tagore emulated numerous styles, including northern New Ireland craftwork, Haida carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in the 1988 Great Performances at the White House series on the Public Broadcasting Service.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a Diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927. She and her husband returned to France then.
Despina was found in late July 1989 from Voyager 2 images.
The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship was in Brescia on 4 September 1921.
He completed two collections: The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
Voyager 2 images show Ophelia as an elongated object. Its major axis points towards Uranus.
The British decided to eliminate him and take the land.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in south-eastern Western Australia, near the South Australian border, almost as far as Caiguna, do not follow official Western Australian time.
Small colored and iridescent shell pieces are used to create mosaics and inlays for walls, furniture, and boxes.
Other cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek from destroying the galaxy.
It's not a true louse.
He supports a user-centered design process in product development and popularizes interaction design as a mainstream discipline.
It's theoretically possible that the other editors who reported you and the administrator who blocked you are part of a conspiracy against someone you've never met in person.
Working Group I assesses the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and Inner Hebrides by the Minch, Little Minch, and Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU, oversees formal minor planet designations.
Wind shear increased dramatically on September 30, and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a piece of data, a copy of the data in a backing store.
Many mosques will not enforce violations, but men and women must follow these guidelines when attending a mosque.
Mariel of Redwall is a 1991 novel by Brian Jacques.
Ryan Prosser was born on July 10, 1988. He is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
The report consists of four reports, three from working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson Pierre Joliot is a biochemist.
This stamp was the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign. Many quantities were printed.
The International Fight League was an American MMA promotion called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
Cameron has worked in Christian-themed productions, including the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force, and Left Behind: World at War. He plays Cameron "Buck" Williams in these films.
This was the area east of the Vistula River, also known as Prussia proper.
He returned to Yerevan after graduation to teach at the local Conservatory. He later became the artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the accounts in the Gospel of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes got into trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for heavy drinking and bad behavior.
The 'celebrity' episodes included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott found it in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5, 1979 while orbiting Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The official release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's website on 16 June 2009.
He is a member of the boyband 183 Club.
The Apostolic Tradition by Hippolytus says that in early Christian agape feasts, people sang Hallel psalms with Alleluia as the refrain.
Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and defended the northern France against other Viking groups.
It comes from Voice of America's Special English.
Disney received a full-size Oscar and seven miniature Oscars from child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid found by a spacecraft.
Hinterrhein is an administrative district in Graubünden, Switzerland.
It is in the Czech Republic as Bohemian Switzerland.
This causes consumer confusion when 220 bytes is referred to as 1 MB instead of 1 MiB.
The incident has been reported on many ethics in scholarship.
They are castrated to make the animal more docile or gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have strong magical abilities. Seventh sons of seventh sons are extremely rare and powerful.
PassMark Software's benchmarking shows the 2009 version's 52 second install time, 32 second scan time, and 7 MB memory use.
Volterra is a town in Tuscany, Italy.
Historically, itch and pain were not considered separate until recently. Itch has similarities with pain but also has notable differences.
The tongue is sticky due to glycoprotein-rich mucous. It lubricates movement in and out of the snout and catches ants and termites that adhere to it.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate loop on May 30, 2006.
Statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, former Ipswich Town and England managers, are outside the ground.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a live rock band at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in Pays-de-la-Loire region in northwestern France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along the bypass, making it an ordinary town road. The bypass may become as congested as the local streets it was meant to avoid.
It's a starting point for those exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises usually cause pain but are not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone connected with Wikipedia can be responsible for your use of the information on these web pages.
George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector of Hanover, who became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are small and have poor visual acuity.
They are only rivalled by chitin in toughness as biological materials.
Oregano is important in Greek cuisine.
Tickets can be bought for National Rail, Docklands Light Railway, and Oyster card.
He produced and published these works himself. His larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned.
Historians use techniques and guidelines to research and write history using primary sources and other evidence.
The weight of the continental icecap on Lake Vostok contributes to the high oxygen concentration.
The population was 89,148 as of 2000.
Aliteracy is being able to read but uninterested in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid used as a pharmaceutical.
It will dislodge itself and sink to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, or care about.
Landis' father is now a hearty supporter of his son and considers himself one of Floyd's biggest fans.
The outer convection of the hurricane became ragged shortly after it became Category 4.
The equilibrium price of labor is the wage.
They decided to publish their findings in a book An Adventure (1911) under the names Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and focused on practical teaching.
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria, a coffee bar, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi was under the Church's rule as part of Perugia's legation. Its history then merged with the Church's states, then with the united Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland on the 20th. It dissipated the next day over Brazil, causing heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The band's lineup includes Flynn (vocals, guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel (guitar), and Dave McClain (drums).
Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries in the Greater Middle East to use mosques for civic participation.
The characters are similar to Pete and Dud.
Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall. He quit before the band released a studio album.
Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998 and won.
Mark Messier took the Hart Trophy in 1990 by two votes, beating Ray Bourque by one first-place vote.
Shade sets the main plot by defying the law and initiating a chain of events that destroys his colony's home, forcing their migration and his separation.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He had inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds on the Outer Banks before the storm arrived.
Speed chess is played with a total of twelve minutes for the whole game.
The Amazon Basin is in South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
Two former presidents were charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage along the Atlantic coastline and as far as West Virginia.
The owner is unaware, so these computers are compared to zombies.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic. It became a tropical depression off Haiti's northern coast on September 13.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Gospel of Mark, Gospel of Luke, and Gospel of John, written between AD 65 and 100.
Eschelbronn is known for its furniture manufacturing since the 19th century.
The upper half resembles the coat of arms of Oberbarnim district.
Unlike Earth's clouds, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they are of legal age.
Development stable releases are rare. There are often Subversion snapshots that are stable to use.
In 1482, the Order sent him to Florence, the city of his destiny.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks, St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807).
He died in Madrid, Spain on May 29, 1518 and was buried in the San Benito d'Alcantara church.
The Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953 showed this.
Cogeneration is using a heat engine or power station to generate electricity and heat at the same time.
The male "den master" sometimes lets a second male into the den. The reason is unclear.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript or CSS snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your preferences.
Useful links to help you get involved.
He was the prime minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James appointed him Gentleman of the Chapel Royal. He served as an organist from 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award. He said he might not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers saw the language and the culture around it as ends in themselves, even if Esperanto is not adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations.
Dry air wrapped around the southern edge of the cyclone on September 12, eroding most of the deep convection.
Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
Eva Anna Paula Braun died on 30 April 1945. She was Eva Anna Paula Hitler's longtime companion and wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version has a distinguishing version number.
Most IRC servers do not require registration, but users must set a nickname before connecting.
He got a mechanics certificate that year, becoming the youngest airplane mechanic in New York.
SummerSlam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event by World Wrestling Entertainment. It will be held on August 23, 2009, at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is usually bald with long whiskers, an incarnation of the Southern Polestar.
Some animals change color in changing environments, either seasonally or rapidly with chromatophores in their skin.
Val Venis beat Rikishi in a Steel cage match to retain WWF Intercontinental Championship (14:10). Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs doing one thing well and working together through universal interfaces.
He came from a musical family. His mother, LaRue, was an administrative assistant and singer. His father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest Mennonite populations are in Canada, Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States. Mennonites are also found in tight-knit communities in 51 countries across six continents and scattered in those countries.
Naas is a Dublin suburb with many people living there and working in Dublin.
Acanthopholis's armour had oval plates set horizontally into the skin. Spikes were on the neck and shoulder area, along the spine.
Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 after the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad opened.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
In the years before his release in 1474, Vlad lived with his wife in a house in the Hungarian capital while preparing for the reconquest of Wallachia.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text and up to 25 words as a Back-Cover Text.
He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is found inside the hollow part of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because scattering is more efficient for blue light than red. This is the same process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
MacGruber asks for simple objects to defuse the bomb, but is distracted and runs out of time.
This was complete when Messiaen died. Yvonne Loriod did the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala one of their holiest cities along with Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf.
The PAD called for the resignation of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat, accusing them of being proxies for Thaksin.
Traveling through remote areas and isolated tracks requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable vehicle, usually a four wheel drive.
He was chief architect of the Fisher Building in 1928 at Kahn.
He leaves for rehearsal and goes with Dr. Schön.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the 1990s. It was characterised by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was formed into battalions for XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the other two lines. Shorter trains run on the Sheppard line.
It is the largest stadium in Europe and the eleventh largest in the world. It has a capacity of 98,772.
In 1967, Ten Boom was honored as one of the Righteous Among the Nations by the State of Israel in December.
Some articles are long and rich, while others are short and of lower quality.
95 species are currently accepted.
Eugowra is named after the Indigenous Australian word "The place where the sand washes down the hill".
Terms like "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are common in English.
Jurisdiction gets its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law, and government branches' powers to allocate resources for its native society.
He wrote several pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to The Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha's Departure.
The state capital is Aracaju (population).
Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
Gumbasia was created in Vorkapich's Kinesthetic Film Principles style.
Brandon (Waise Lee) became his idol. MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a historic township near Cowra in central New South Wales, Australia, in Cabonne Shire.
Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China dug along the Peel River and the mountain slopes.
It was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering before the pocket calculator.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20% faster page-refreshing, a text-to-speech option, and a thickness of 0.36 inches (9.1 mm).
Yoghurt is a dairy product made by fermenting milk with bacteria.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame. More than any other position, 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries. They were rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
The album was banned from many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
In late 2004, Suleman cut Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations because of his discussions about moving to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's. Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March. System-wide sales surpassed McDonald's Canadian operations as of 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia. He always keeps the rule "Never leave your partner behind".
He won the presidential election on March 2, 2008, with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is a living fossil.
She was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia in 1990.
Stravinsky started writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests were suppressed across the nation.
Offenbach's operettas like Orpheus in the Underworld and La belle Hélène were popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty with this symbol were found west of ancient city Chang'an (modern-day Xian).
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
The instrument was nearly impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the earliest church in Assisi.
Radar shows a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal for the railway, metro, light rail, and tram industries worldwide.
He was appointed Companion of Honour in 1988.
Loèche has Onyx, the Swiss system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder holding matches with a coarse striking surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children and drug use in pregnant women.
She defiantly vowed to never leave the Commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
There is a three-volume original English-language manga series about Graystripe. It follows Graystripe from when he was taken by Twolegs in Dawn until he returned to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Syrians did not gather in urban enclaves. Many immigrant peddlers interacted with Americans daily.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden furniture.
She had collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer (Australian National University) says logging practices are not ecologically sustainable because they harm hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a professional hockey team from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Small inductors can be built on integrated circuits using the same processes used to make transistors.
The term gribble was given to the wood-boring species, especially the one described from Norway by Rathke in 1799, Limnoria lignorum.
The wounds from a club are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
The county administration was at Duns or Lauder until 1596 when Greenlaw became the county town.
No skater has done a quadruple Axel in competition.
The Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all harbour military installations from the telephone exchange.
Even those who enter a mosque's prayer hall without praying have rules to follow.
It is pointed and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is how much work a computer system does compared to time and resources used.
The largest reservoirs in the world are along the Volga.
The crosier represents the monasteries of the region.
Human skin can range from very dark brown to very pale.
Bankers from ShoreBank in Chicago helped Yunus with the bank's official incorporation under a Ford Foundation grant.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial. He said the details of the trial had not been determined.
Representatives of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association choose the All-Star Team at the end of the regular season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north. Iran is to the west. Pakistan is to the south. The People's Republic of China is to the east.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000. It was owned by Bomis, Inc, a web portal company.
Key-dependent S-boxes and a complex key schedule are notable design features.
Iain Grieve was born on 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana. He plays rugby union for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby settlements are Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
Physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model in 1964.
The fourth ring has golden garlands and was added in 1938-39 when the column moved to its current location.
West Berlin had its own postal administration until 1990. It issued its own postage stamps.
The Primavera is a painting by Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli around 1482.
New South Wales's largest city is Sydney.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other polymers like polyester, vinyl ester, or nylon are also used.
The name is used for a digital TV channel, digital radio station, and website that survived the printed magazine.
At four-and-a-half years old, he survived on the streets of northern Italy for four years, living in orphanages and roaming with other homeless children through towns.
Stands were added behind each set of goals in the 1980s and 1990s as the ground modernised.
A town can be called a market town or have market rights even if it no longer has a market if the right still exists.
A bastion on the eastern approach was built.
Events July 29 - Battle of Stiklestad (Norway): Olav Haraldsson is killed by his pagan vassals.
Others think Tresca was eliminated by the NKVD for criticizing the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS only when necessary.
Schuschnigg said reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in Croydon, London, England.
Depending on the context, constituent means a person living in the area governed by a politician, sometimes only those who elected the politician.
Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone had a cameo in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
The crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft." They shot the scene while riding up Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book called Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al. the next year.
The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a piano berceuse.
These attacks may be psychological rather than physical.
A historian said quinine gave colonists the chance to swarm into the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of west Africa.
Spectroscopic studies show evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, indicating a stony surface composition.
She was the editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury is similar to the Moon. It is heavily cratered with smooth plains. It has no satellites and no atmosphere.
The town is in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
These provide habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughals arrived in 1608.
The Prime Minister stays in office as long as they have lower house support.
This scene is important because it shows Harry's bravery and selflessness by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were caught after a shootout in Frankfurt.
They formed New Music Manchester, a group for contemporary music.
The compact hurricane caused extreme damage in the Florida Keys. A storm surge of 18-20 feet affected the region.
It is Meher Baba's samadhi (tomb-shrine) and facilities for pilgrims.
The main church's dome has been fully restored.
Meissner became the second American woman to do the triple Axel in national competition in 2005.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, Essex County, United States.
Forty-nine pipefish and nine seahorses have been recorded.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, 300 km east of Puerto Rico.
These PDFs cannot be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 by Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for an armed robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell in Britain on October 5, causing flood waters.
Version 2009.1 has a USB installer to create a Live USB. The user can save their configuration and personal data if desired.
The seats were distributed as follows: Free Democratic Party (FDP): 2 members, Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP): 2 members, Social Democratic Party (SP): 2 members, Swiss People's Party (SVP): 1 member.
A fee is the price paid for services, especially for a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or learned profession member.
Ohio State's library system has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland accepted Norway's overlordship. Scotland repulsed a Norse invasion and got a favorable peace settlement.
The album singles were "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song", "Can't Stop", "Dosed" and "Universally Speaking".
In April 2000, MINIX became free and open source software under a permissive license. Other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities by then. It remained mainly for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold and beige-white. It has dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was a Scottish enterprise symbolized by its thistle logo, Scotland's floral emblem.
The area covered by the warning on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified. It was canceled soon after landfall on September 23.
The San Diego Union Tribune alleged in August 2003 that U.S. Marine pilots and commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs on Iraqi Republican Guards during the combat.
The latter provided the audience with information later given by intertitles and helped historians imagine what the film was like.
Real estate, businesses, and other assets in the Third World underground economies can't be used as collateral to raise capital for industrial and commercial expansion.
He escaped from Sydney Cove several times before being killed in 1796.
Ned and Dan went to the police camp. They ordered them to surrender.
The press agreed the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance was not up to Veeck's usual standard before the second game started.
Joss Whedon said Fray is not done and is coming back in a short video promoting the charity Equality Now.
A mutant is a type of character in Marvel Comics.
The SAT is a standardized test for college admissions in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy creates Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by Flagellant bands.
Some factors increase the likelihood of paralysis and hallucinations.
He was in Australia for seven years.
Waugh says Charles was looking for love when he met Sebastian. He found a low door in the wall leading to an enchanted garden. This is a metaphor that affects the work on several levels.
Her friendship with Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was important in her life.
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures on or growing from the side of an animal.
Berzelius coined the term "protein" after Mulder noticed that all proteins have the same empirical formula and might be made of a single large molecule.
The gang hid for 16 months after the Jerilderie raid.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in Calvados department in Basse-Normandie region of France.
Color ranges from orange to yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added from Union station, north from University Avenue and Queen's Park to Bloor Street, where it turned west to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line went along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is on an old portage trail that led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy are at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
It covered a vast and varied landscape from the Sierra Madre mountains to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google made the comic available on Google Books and its site. It was mentioned on its official blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the college. It is carefully audited and requires official proofs before being changed.
The book Political Economy was published in 1985. It had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with IPO in spring 1990 for their first Soviet Union performance in Moscow and Leningrad. He toured with IPO again in 1994, performing in China and India.
Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to Napoleon's army at Ulm. He gets 30,000 prisoners and inflicts 10,000 casualties on the losers.
It is the economic centre of northern Nigeria and a centre for groundnut production and export.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, and Tulu.
Meteora won the band multiple awards and honors.
The WWF cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho after a brief stand-off.
Most songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
Slavs moved into the area in the 5th century.
Many new facilities were built on campus from 1900 to 1920, including facilities for dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a science building, Hill Auditorium, hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois.
Arzashkun is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka from Arzash, a proper name referring to part of Lake Van.
She was chosen from 16,421 participants among 15 candidates for the TV show.
Its episodes were on the ABC network from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The device can be designed and used in less strict environments.
Gimnasia hired Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni. They had limited success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She was in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979.
Pauline returned in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994 and Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006. She is now called Mario's friend.
The vagina is very elastic and stretches many times its normal diameter during birth.
His birth date was never recorded. It is believed to be between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure shows how much of a drug or substance is needed to stop a biological process or component by half.
The Bernese Alps are in the Bernese Oberland region of Bern, but parts are also in Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud.
He had one daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann.
Edward Gorey said Bawden was one of his favorite artists. He lamented that not many people remembered him.
The string can vibrate in different modes like a guitar string. Every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable earned an Academy Award nomination in 1935 for Mutiny on the Bounty.
